一 ひとたび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
一 はじめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
一 ひと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丁 チ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丁 チン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丁 あたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
丁 よぼろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
七 シツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
七 ななたび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
七 なな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
七 なの is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丈 チョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
三 ゾウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
三 みたび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
三 み is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
三 みっつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
上 シャン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
上 あがり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
上 あがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
上 あげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
上 うわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
上 たてまつる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
上 のぼす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
上 のぼせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
上 のぼり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
下 おりる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
下 おろす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
下 くださる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
下 くだす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
下 くだり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
下 くだる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
下 さがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
下 さげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
不 フツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
不 ヒ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
不 せず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
不 にあらず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
不 いなや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
与 あずかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丐 カツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
丑 チュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
且 シャ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
且 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
且 ソ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
世 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丗 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丗 さんじゅう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丙 ヒョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
両 てる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
並 ホウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
並 ならぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
个 こ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
个 ひ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
丱 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
丱 あげまき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
丱 あらがね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
串 ケン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丶 ちょぼ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
丶 しるし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
丸 たま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
丸 まる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丹 あか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
主 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丼 トン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丿 ヘチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
丿 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
丿 もとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
丿 えい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
丿 よう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乂 カイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乂 おさまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
乃 ノ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乃 なんじ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
之 この is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乎 オ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乎 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乎 や is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乎 を is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乏 ともしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乖 もどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
乖 もとる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乗 のり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乘 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
乘 のせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乙 イツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
九 ここの is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乞 キケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乞 キツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乞 コチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乞 こい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
也 エ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
也 か is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乢 かさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
乢 ふた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
乢 おおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
乢 たお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乢 たわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乱 ロン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乱 みだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乱 みだる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乱 わたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乾 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
乾 ひる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
乾 ほす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亂 おさめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亂 みだす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亂 みだる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亂 みだれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亂 わたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亅 はねぼう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
了 おわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
了 ついに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
予 あたえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
争 あらそい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亊 こととする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亊 つかえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
事 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
事 ズ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
事 こととする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
事 つかえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
二 ふた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
于 ゆく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
于 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
于 おいて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
于 に is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
于 より is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
于 を is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
云 ここに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
互 コ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
互 かたみに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
五 いつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
井 いど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亘 わたり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亘 わたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亙 カン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亙 わたり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亙 もとめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
些 ちっと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
些 ちと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亜 アツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亜 オウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亞 アツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亞 オウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亟 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亟 しばしば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亠 ズ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亠 けいさん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亡 なくなる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亡 なき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亡 ほろぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亡 ほろぼす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
交 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
交 かわす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
交 こもごも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
交 まざる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
交 まじえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
交 まぜる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
亨 たてまつる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
享 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
享 すすめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亭 チョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亭 あずまや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亮 すけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亳 バク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亶 ゼン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亶 まこと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
亶 ほしいまま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
人 と is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
人 り is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
什 くみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
什 とう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
什 まじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仁 ひと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仁 いつくしむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仂 ドウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仂 リキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仂 リュク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仂 あまり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仂 つとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仂 はたらく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仄 ショク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仄 シキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仄 ほの is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仄 ほのめかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仄 ほのめく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仆 ホク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仇 あた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仇 つれあい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
介 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
介 すけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仍 よって is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
从 したがえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仏 フツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仔 サイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仔 こ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仕 つかまつる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仗 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仗 まもり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仗 つえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仗 まわり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
付 あたえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
付 つき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
付 つけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
付 づき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
付 づく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
付 づけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
付 づける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仙 セント is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
仙 せんにん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仙 せんと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仟 ち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
代 かえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
代 かわり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
代 がわり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
令 リョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
令 いいつけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
令 おさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
以 おもう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
以 ゆえに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仮 かりる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仮 かりに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仰 あおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
仰 おっしゃる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
件 くだり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
价 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
价 おおきい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
价 つかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
任 になう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
任 たえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
任 まかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
企 くわだて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
企 たくらむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伊 これ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伊 ただ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伍 くみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伎 わざおぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伏 フウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伏 ブク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伏 したがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伏 ふす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伐 カ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伐 ハツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伐 ボチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伐 ほこる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伐 そむく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
休 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
休 いこう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
休 やめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
休 やすまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
休 やすめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
会 あわせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伜 ソチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伝 つたえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伝 つたう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伝 つだう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伝 つて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伝 づたい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伯 ハ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伯 おさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伯 はたがしら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伴 とも is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
伸 のす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伸 のべる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伺 うかがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
似 ひる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
伽 ギャ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
但 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
但 ただ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
位 くらいする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
位 ぐらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
低 ひくまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
低 ひくめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
住 チュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
住 ヂュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
住 とどまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
住 やむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
住 すまう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
住 ずまい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
佐 たすけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
佐 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
佐 すけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
体 ホン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
体 かたち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
何 ガ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
何 なんぞ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
何 いずく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
何 なん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
佗 イ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
佗 わび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
佗 わびしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
余 われ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
余 あます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
余 あんまり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
佚 たのしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
佛 ホツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
作 なす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
作 づくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
佞 デイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
佩 はく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
佰 ビャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
佰 ヒャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
佳 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
併 ならぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
併 しかし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
佶 ゴチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
佶 キチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
佶 ただしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
佼 こうす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
使 づかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
來 タイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
來 きたす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
來 きたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
侈 イ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
例 レツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
例 たぐい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
例 ためし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
侍 シ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
侍 さぶらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
侏 チュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
侏 みじかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
侏 あざむく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
侖 ついずる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
侖 まるい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
供 クウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
供 グ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
供 そなえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
供 ども is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
価 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
侫 デイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
侮 あなどり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
侮 あなずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
侯 まと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
侯 きみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
便 すなわち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
係 つながり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
係 かかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
係 がかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
促 せまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
俊 すぐれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
俎 いた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
俑 いたむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
俔 たとえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
俗 ならわし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
保 やすんじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
信 まこと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
信 たより is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
信 まかせる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
修 おさまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
俯 うつむく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
俯 ふす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
俳 わざおぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
俸 ふち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
俺 われ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
俾 フ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
俾 かしずく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
倅 ソチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
個 こ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倍 そむく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倍 ます is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倒 さかさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
倒 さかしま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
倒 だおれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
倖 しあわせ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
候 うかがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
候 さぶらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
借 シャ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
借 セキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
借 かり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
借 たとい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倡 となえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
値 チョク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
値 あう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倦 あきる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
倦 あぐねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
倦 あぐむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
倫 たぐい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倫 ついで is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倫 みち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倬 チョク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倬 おおきい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倬 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倬 たかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倶 グ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
倹 つずまやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
倹 つづまやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
倹 つましい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
偃 やすむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
假 かりる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
偏 ひとえに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
偐 いつわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
偐 にせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
做 ソ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
停 チョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
停 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
停 とどまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
停 とまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
停 とめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
健 たけし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
健 したたか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
偬 せわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
偬 あわただしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
偲 しのび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
側 ショク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
側 かたわら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
側 そばめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
側 がわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
側 そば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
偵 うかがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
偶 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
偶 たぐい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
偶 たまたま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
偶 たま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
偸 ツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
傍 ホウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
傍 そう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
傍 おか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
傍 そば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
傍 はた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
傍 わき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
備 そなえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
備 つぶさに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
催 うながす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
催 もよおし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
催 もようす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
傳 つたう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
傳 つたわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
傳 つて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
傴 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
債 かり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
傷 いためる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
傾 くつがえす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
傾 かしげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
傾 かたげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
傾 かたぶく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
僅 ゴン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
僅 わずかに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僉 ことごとく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僉 ともに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僊 やまびと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僊 せんにん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
働 はたらき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
像 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
像 かたち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
像 かたどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僑 たかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僕 やつがれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僚 とも is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僚 つかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僣 せんする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
僥 ねがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僥 もとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僧 ぼうず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
僭 せんする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
僻 へきする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
儀 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儀 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儂 かれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
億 ヨク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
億 おしはかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儉 つずまやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儉 つづまやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
儉 つましい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
儒 やわらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儒 うるおす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儒 したがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儖 みにくい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
償 つぐない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儡 やぶれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儡 つかれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
優 わざおぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
優 まさる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
儲 そえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儲 もうかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
儲 もうけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
儻 あるいわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儻 あるいは is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
儿 カイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儿 ひと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儿 にんよう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
儿 がい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
儿 にんにょう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
儿 ひとあし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
兀 ゴツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
兀 たかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
兀 はげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
兀 あしきる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
允 まこと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
允 まことに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
元 こうべ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
兄 え is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
充 シュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
充 みちる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
兆 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
兆 うらない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
兇 わるい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
先 さきんじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
克 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
克 よく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
兌 エツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
免 ベン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
免 ゆるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
免 まぬがれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
兎 ツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
児 っこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
兔 ツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
兜 ト is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
入 ジュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
入 いり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
入 いれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
入 いれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
全 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
全 まったい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
全 まっとうする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
全 すべて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
八 ハツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
八 やたび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
八 や is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
八 やっつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
八 よう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
公 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
公 きみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
六 むたび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
六 む is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
六 むい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
六 むっつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
兮 の is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
兵 いくさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
其 ゴ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
具 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
具 そなえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
典 デン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
典 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
典 つかさどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
典 さかん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
兼 かねて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冀 こいねがわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冀 こいねがわくは is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冂 とおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冂 えながまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冂 けいがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冂 どうがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冂 まきがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
内 いる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
内 いれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
円 まど is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
円 まどか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
円 まろやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冉 よわい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冉 あやうい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冏 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冐 モウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冐 ボク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冐 おおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冐 こうぶる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冒 おおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冖 ミャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冖 おおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冖 べきかんむり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冖 わかんむり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冗 むだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
写 ジャ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
写 うつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
写 うつる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冢 チュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冢 おか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冢 やしろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冢 おおう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冤 かがむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冤 ぬれぎぬ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冥 ミョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冦 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冦 あだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冦 あだする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冨 とみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冩 かきうつす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冩 うつる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冪 おおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冪 ふきん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冫 にすい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冰 こおる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冱 コ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冲 おきつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冲 ちゅうする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
决 きまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冴 コ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
况 いわにゃ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
况 いわんや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
况 まして is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冷 さます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冷 ひや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冷 ひやかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冷 ひやす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冷 ひややか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
冽 さむい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冽 つめたい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
冽 きよい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凄 サイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凅 カク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凅 からす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凅 かれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
准 シュン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
准 なぞらえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凉 うすい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凉 すずむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凉 すずやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凉 ひやす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凉 まことに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凋 おちぶれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凍 いてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凍 こごる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凍 しみる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凖 セツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凖 じゅんじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凖 じゅんずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凖 なぞらえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凛 さむい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凛 すさまじい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凛 おそれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凛 きびしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凜 さむい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凜 すさまじい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凜 おそれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凜 きびしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凝 こごらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凝 こごらせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凝 こごる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
几 きにょう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凡 おうよそ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
処 こ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凧 いかのぼり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凭 ヘイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凵 コン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凵 かんよう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凵 かんがまえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凵 うけばこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凵 かんにょう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凶 わるい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凸 でる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凸 でこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凹 くぼみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
凹 へこむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
凹 ぼこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
出 いだす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
出 いでる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
出 で is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刀 そり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刃 ニン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刄 きる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刄 やいば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
分 わかつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
分 わけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
切 きれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
切 ぎり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
切 ぎれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刈 カイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刈 かり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刊 けずる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刊 きざむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刋 カン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刋 けずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刎 ブン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刎 はねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刑 ギョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刑 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刑 しおき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刔 ケチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
列 レイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
列 レ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
列 つらねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
初 ソ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
初 そめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
初 ぞめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
初 はじめて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
判 わける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
判 わかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
別 ベチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
別 わかれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刧 おびゃかす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刧 おびやかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
利 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
利 するどい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刮 こそげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刳 くる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
制 おさえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刷 はけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刷 ずり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
券 わりふ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
券 てがた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刹 セツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刹 はたばしら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刹 てら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刹 くに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刺 セキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刺 そしる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
刺 ささる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刺 さし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
刻 とき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剃 する is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剃 まい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
則 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
則 すなわち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
削 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
削 そぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
削 はつる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
前 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
前 すすむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剖 わる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剛 つよい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剛 こわい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剤 セイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剤 そろえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剤 まぜる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剤 かる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剤 けずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剥 ホク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剥 はがす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剥 はがれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剥 へぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剥 へずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剥 むける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剪 つむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
副 そう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
副 そえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
割 わり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剳 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剳 かぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剳 かま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剴 きる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剴 こする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
創 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
創 けずしける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
創 つくる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剽 おびゃかす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剽 おびやかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剽 さす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
剿 たつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
剿 とる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劃 かぎる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
劇 ケキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劇 ギャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劇 はげしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劑 そろえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劑 かる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
劑 けずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
力 リイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
力 つとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
力 りきむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
功 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
加 くわえて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
助 ショ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
助 すける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
助 たすかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
努 ゆめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
労 いたずき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
労 ねぎら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
労 ろうする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
劵 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劵 つかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劵 てがた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
劵 わりふ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
効 いたす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
効 ききめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
劼 キツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劼 ケチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
劼 つつしむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劼 かたい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劼 つとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劾 さばく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劾 しらべが is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
劾 つとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
勇 いさましい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
動 うごき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
勗 つとめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
勘 かんがえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
務 つとめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
勝 たえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
勝 がち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勝 すぐれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勞 いたずき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勞 ねぎらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勞 ろうする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
募 モ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
勢 セ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
勢 ゼイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勢 はずみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勣 つむぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勤 つとめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
勤 いそしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勤 つとまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勤 づとめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勦 つかれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
勦 つくす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
勧 ケン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勵 はげます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勹 つつみがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勺 しゃく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
勾 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
勾 のぞく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匁 め is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
匂 におわせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
包 つつみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
包 くるむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
匈 むね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匈 おそれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匈 さわぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匏 ホ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
匐 ボク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匐 はらばう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匕 さじのひ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
化 かわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
化 けする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
化 ふける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
北 ハイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
北 にげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匙 ジ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匚 はこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匚 はこがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
匝 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
匡 ただす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匣 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匪 はこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匯 キ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
匯 がい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
匱 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匳 はこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
匸 かくす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匸 おおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匸 かくしがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
匹 ヒキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匹 たぐい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匹 たぐう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匹 ひき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
医 いする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
匿 かくれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匿 かくす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
匿 かくまう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
區 わける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
區 しきる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
十 ジツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
十 ジッ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
十 ジュッ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
十 とう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
十 とたび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
十 と is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
十 とお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
卆 シュツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
卆 おえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
卆 そっする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
升 のぼる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
卉 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
半 なかばする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
卑 ひくい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
卑 いやしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
卒 シュツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
卒 おえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
卒 そっする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
卓 すぐれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
協 かなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
南 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
南 ナ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
博 ひろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
博 ひろめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
卞 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
占 うらない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
卦 カイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
卩 ふしづくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
卯 モウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
印 しるす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
印 じるし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
即 ショク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
即 もし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
即 つける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
卵 コン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
卷 まき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厂 がけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
厂 かりがね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厂 がんだれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厄 ガ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
厄 アク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
厄 くるしむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
厄 わざわい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
厘 テン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
厘 みせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
厚 あか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
原 もと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
原 たずねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
厠 ショク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厦 サ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厨 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厨 チュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厭 アン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厭 オン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厭 ユウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厭 いや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厭 おさえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厰 うまや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
厳 いかめしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厶 む is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
厶 わたくし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
参 まい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
參 シン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
參 まじわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
參 みつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
又 またの is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
双 ふた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
反 ホ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
反 そらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
叔 おじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
取 とり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
取 どり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
受 シュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
受 うかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
叙 ついでる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
叙 のべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
叙 ついず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
叛 バン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
叛 ホン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
叢 ス is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
叢 むら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
古 いにしえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
古 ふる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
古 ふるす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
句 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
叩 たたき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
叩 すぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
叩 はたく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
叭 ハ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
叭 ハチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
叮 たのむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
叮 ねんごろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
叮 さす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
可 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
可 ばかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
可 べき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
台 イ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
台 よろこぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
台 つかさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
台 われ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
史 ふびと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
史 ふみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
史 さかん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
右 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
叶 かなえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
司 つかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吁 あう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吁 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
合 カツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
合 ガツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
合 カッ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
合 ガッ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
合 あい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
合 あわす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吉 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吉 よし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吊 つり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吋 インチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吋 ドウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吋 いんち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
同 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
同 ともに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
同 ともにする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
名 なのる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
名 なずける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
后 きみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吏 つかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吐 つく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
向 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
向 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
向 さきに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
向 むい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
向 むかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
向 むき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
向 むけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
向 むける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
向 むこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
向 むこう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
君 ぎみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吝 しわい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吝 やぶさか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吟 キン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吟 うたう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吟 なく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吠 バイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吠 ベイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吠 ほえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
否 いなむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
否 あらず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
否 いや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
听 ギン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
听 ポンド is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
听 ぽんど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吶 ドツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吻 くちわき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吽 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
吽 オン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吽 グ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吽 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吾 あ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
吾 わが is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
呀 あつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呆 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呆 ガイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呆 ほける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
呆 ぼける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
呈 しめす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
告 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呎 セキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呎 シャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
呎 ふぃいと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呎 ふいいと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
呑 テン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
周 あまねし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
周 めぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呪 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
呪 ズ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
呪 まじない is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
呪 まじなう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
呰 セキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呰 せめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呰 そしる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呰 きず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
味 ビ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呵 かす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
呶 かまびすし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呶 かまびすしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
呻 うたう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
呻 うめき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
命 おおせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
命 みこと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
和 オ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
和 あえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
和 やわらげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咏 よむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咐 ブ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
咐 フ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咐 いいつける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
咒 まじない is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咒 まじなう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咥 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
咥 わらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
咥 とまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
咥 くわえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咨 あう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
咨 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咬 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
咲 わらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
咲 さき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
咲 ざき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咳 カイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咳 しわぶき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咳 しわぶく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咳 せく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咸 みな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
咼 クウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咼 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咼 くちがゆがむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咼 ゆがむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咽 エン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咽 のむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咽 むせぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咽 むせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
咾 こえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哄 こえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哄 たぶらかす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哇 ア is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
哇 よこしま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哇 はく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哇 むせぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哇 かい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
哇 けい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
哈 ハ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
哈 のむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哈 すする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哈 くう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
員 エン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
員 かず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哥 コ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
哥 うたう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哥 あに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
哥 うた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
哦 うたう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哩 わい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
哭 なげく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
哮 たける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
唄 うたう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
唆 そそる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
唖 アク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
唯 これ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
唱 うたう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
唱 うた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
唳 なく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
唳 れつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
唹 ヨ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
唹 オ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
唹 わらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
唾 タ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
唾 つばき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
啄 ツク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
啄 トク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
啄 つつく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
啅 やかましい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
啅 ついばむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
啌 クウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
啌 しかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
問 ブン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
問 とい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
啓 もうす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
啓 さとす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
啗 くらう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
啝 カ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
啝 したがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
啣 ガン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
啣 くつばみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
啣 ふくむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
啣 くわえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
啻 ただ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
啻 ただならぬ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
啻 ただに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
善 いい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
善 よく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
善 よしとする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
喇 ものいう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喊 ヤク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
喙 がい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
喚 よぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喚 わめく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
喜 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喜 よろこび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喜 よろこばす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
喝 アイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喝 しかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喟 クワイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喟 ケ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喟 カイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
喟 ためいき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喟 なげく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
喧 かまびすし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喧 かまびすしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
喧 やかましい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
喨 ロウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
喨 ほがらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喩 さとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喪 うしなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喪 ほろびる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喫 ケキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喫 くう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喬 ギョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喰 くい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
喰 くらう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗄 からす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗄 しゃがれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗚 あう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嗚 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗜 このみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗜 このむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗟 あう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嗟 あ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗟 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗣 つぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嗷 かまびすし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嗷 かまびすしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗹 おしゃべり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗽 すう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嗽 うがい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗽 すすぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗽 ゆすぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗾 ソク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗾 ゾク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嗾 けしかける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘆 なげき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嘆 なげかわしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘔 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘔 むかつく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘖 さいなむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘗 かって is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嘗 かつて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘘 コ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘩 かまびすし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嘩 やかましい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嘩 かまびすしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘱 しょくする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘴 はし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘸 ム is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘸 さぞかし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嘸 さぞや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
噌 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
噌 かまびすし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
噌 かまびすしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
噎 むせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
噛 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
噛 かみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
噛 かむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
噫 あう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
噫 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
噴 はく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
噸 とん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嚀 デイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嚇 カ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嚊 かか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嚊 あえぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嚊 かかあ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚊 かかめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚏 くさみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚏 はなひる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚏 ひる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚔 くさみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚔 くさめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚔 はなひる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚔 ひる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚠 ル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚠 きよい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嚢 ドウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚥 のど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嚴 いかめしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嚴 いつくし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
囂 かまびすし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
囂 かしましい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
囂 かまびすしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
囃 サツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
囈 ねごと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
囎 しょう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
囑 しょくする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
囓 かじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
囗 かこむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
囗 くに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
囗 くにがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
囘 かえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
囘 まわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
囘 もとおる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
囚 とらえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
囚 とらわれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
四 よたび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
四 よ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
四 よっつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
四 よん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
回 まわし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
回 まわり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
回 もとおる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
因 よって is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
困 くるしむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
囲 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
囲 むち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
固 かため is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
固 かたまり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
固 かたまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圃 フ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圃 にわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圍 かこい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圍 かこう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
園 オン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
圓 まど is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圓 まどか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圓 まる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圓 まろやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圖 え is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
團 ドン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
圧 エン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圧 オウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圧 おす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圧 へす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
在 います is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
圭 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
圭 たま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
地 つち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
圸 やま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
圸 まま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
均 イン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
均 ととのえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
均 ひとしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
均 ならす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
坊 ボッ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
坊 まち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
坊 へや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
坊 てら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
坐 サ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
坐 まします is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
坑 あな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
坑 あなにする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
坪 ヒョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
坿 つける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
坿 いかだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
垂 たれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
垈 ダイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
垈 ぬま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
型 がた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
垓 さかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
垢 キク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
垤 ありずか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
垤 ありづか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
垪 ハ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
垪 は is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
垰 あくつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
垰 たわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
垰 とうげ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
垳 いけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
垳 いげ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
埋 バイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
埋 いける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
埋 うずまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
埋 うもれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
城 セイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
城 きずく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
埒 かき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
埒 らちがあく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
埓 ラツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
埓 レツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
埓 らちがあく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
域 さかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
埠 ホ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
埣 サイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
埣 かれつち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
埴 へな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
執 とらえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
培 ホウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
培 ハイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
基 もとずく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
埼 さい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
埼 みさき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
堀 ほる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
堀 あな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
堂 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
堂 たかどの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
堂 すまい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
堅 かたく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
堅 がたい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
堋 ほうむる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
堤 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
堪 こたえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
堪 こらえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
堪 たまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
報 しらせる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
場 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塀 ベイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塀 かき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
塁 スイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塁 ライ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塁 るい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
塊 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塒 とぐろ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塒 とや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塔 てら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
塔 おか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
塗 どろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
塗 ぬり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塚 づか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塢 とりで is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
塢 むら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
填 しずめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
填 はまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
填 はめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塲 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塵 チン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塵 ごみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塹 あな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
塾 もんべや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
塾 まなびや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
増 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
増 まし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
墜 おつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
墨 モク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
墮 くずれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
墮 くずれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
墳 はか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
墸 ショ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
墸 チョ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
墾 はる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
壇 ば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
壇 ところ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
壇 たいら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
壊 エ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
壓 おす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
壓 へす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
壕 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
壘 スイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
壘 ライ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
壞 こわれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
壞 やぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
壟 おか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
士 ジ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
壬 イ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
声 こわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
売 マイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
売 うれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
壼 へやのつろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
壼 おく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
壽 ジュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
壽 ひさしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
壽 ことおぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
壽 ことぶく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
壽 ことほぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夂 シュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夂 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夂 おくれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夂 しゅう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夂 ふゆがしら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
変 かわり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夊 ゆき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夏 ガ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夐 とおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夐 もとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夕 ゆうべ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
外 と is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
外 はずれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夘 モウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夛 おうし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夛 おおい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夢 ボウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夥 おびただ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夥 おびただしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
大 タ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
大 はじめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
大 おお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
天 そら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
天 あま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
天 あまつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
太 はなはだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夫 ブ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夫 おとこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夬 きめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夬 ゆがけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
央 なかば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
失 イツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
失 うせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夲 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夲 すすむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夲 もと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夷 えみし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
夸 おごる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
夸 ほごる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
奇 くしき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
奈 ナイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
奈 いかん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
奉 ほうずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
奉 まつる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
奎 また is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奏 すすめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奐 とりかえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奐 おおきい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奐 さかん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奐 あきらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
契 セツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
契 きざむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
契 わりふ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奕 おおきい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奕 うつくしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奕 なれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
套 おおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奘 ゾウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奢 おごり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
奥 おくまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
奧 イク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奧 おく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奧 おくまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
奩 はこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
女 むすめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奴 ヌ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
奴 め is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
好 いい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
如 ごとく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
如 しく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
如 ゆく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
如 ごとし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妃 ハイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
妄 みだり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
妊 みごもる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妍 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
妓 うたいめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妖 あやしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妖 わざわい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妙 わかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
妛 あなどる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妛 おろか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妛 みだる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妛 みにくい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妥 タ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
妥 やすい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
妥 おだやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
妬 ツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妬 そねむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妬 つもる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妬 ふさぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
妹 いも is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
妻 めあわせる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
妾 そばめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姆 かしずき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
姉 はは is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
始 はじめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
姐 あねご is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
姐 ねえさん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姑 しゅうと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姓 かばね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
委 すえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
委 くわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
姙 みごもる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姜 ガ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姜 つよい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
姜 こう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姥 ばば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
姦 かんする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姨 テイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姨 いもうと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姨 いもと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姪 イチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姪 イツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姪 ジチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姶 アイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
姶 しずか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
姻 とつぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
威 たけし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
威 おどかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
威 おどし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
娃 ワ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
娉 とう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娉 ほ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
娑 まう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娘 ニョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娘 こ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
娚 ドウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
娚 たわむれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
娜 しなやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娜 おもむろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娟 あでやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娟 しなやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娟 こびる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娠 はらむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娩 ハン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娩 うむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娯 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娯 たのしむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
娵 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
娵 ス is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
娶 めあわせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
婀 あだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
婀 あだっぽい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
婁 ルイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
婁 むなしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
婁 あらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
婁 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
婁 つなぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
婁 ひく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
婆 ばあ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
婉 したがう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
婚 えんぐみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
婦 おんな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
婪 リン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
婬 たわける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
婬 みだり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
婬 ひたす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
婬 ほしいまま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
婬 みだら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
婬 みだれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
婬 みだれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
媒 マイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
媒 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嫁 ケ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嫁 いく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嫁 ゆく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嫂 あにょめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嫂 あによめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嫉 そねむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嫋 なよやかな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嫌 うたがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嫌 いや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嫌 きらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嫐 ドウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嫡 よつぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嫦 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嫦 ジョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嫩 ゼン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嫺 ならう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嫻 ならう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嬋 ゼン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嬋 ひきつなが is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嬋 みうち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嬬 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嬬 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嬬 そばめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嬬 つま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嬰 あかご is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嬲 ドウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嬶 かかう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嬶 かかあ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
子 ツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
子 み is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
子 おとこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
子 ね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
孑 ゲツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
孔 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
孔 はなはだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
字 うむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
字 ます is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
字 あざな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
字 な is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
存 ながらえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
孛 ブツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
孟 マン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
孟 ボウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
孟 はじめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
季 すえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
季 とき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
孤 みなしご is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
孤 ひとり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宀 やね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宀 いえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宀 うかんむり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
它 シャ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宅 いえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宅 すまう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宅 やけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宇 のき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宇 いえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
守 かみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
安 やすんじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
安 いずくんそ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
安 やす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
安 やすまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
安 やすらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
宋 すまい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宋 おる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
完 まったい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
完 まっとうする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宍 ジク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
宗 たっとぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
官 つかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
官 おおやけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宙 そら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
定 さだめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
定 さだか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
宛 ずつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宛 あてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
宛 づつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
宜 むべ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宜 よろしく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
実 まこと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
実 みの is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
客 まろうど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宣 のる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
室 へや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宦 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宦 つかえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宦 まなぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宦 つかさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
宮 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
宮 クウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
宮 いえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宰 つかさどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宰 つかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
害 カツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
害 そこなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
害 わざわい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
害 なんぞ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宴 たのしむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
家 コ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
容 ゆるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
容 かたち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宿 シュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
宿 やどす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寂 さびれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寂 さみしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寃 かがむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寃 ぬれぎぬ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寄 よせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寄 より is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
密 しげし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
密 ひそかに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寇 あだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寉 カク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寒 さむさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寓 ギョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寓 グ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寓 ドウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寓 かりずまい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寓 ぐうする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寔 これ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寔 じき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寝 いぬ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寝 ねかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
察 セチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
察 しる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
察 みる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
察 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寡 やもめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寡 すくない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寢 いぬ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寢 ねかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寢 みたまや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寢 やめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
實 まことに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
實 みちる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
實 みのり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寧 ニョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寧 やすい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寧 なんぞ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
審 つぶさに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寫 うつる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寮 つかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寸 ソン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寸 はかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寸 とき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寸 き is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寺 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
対 こたえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
対 そろい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
対 つれあい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
寿 ジュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寿 ひさしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
寿 ことぶく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
封 さかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
封 とじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
封 ぽんど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
射 セキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
射 あてる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
射 うつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
将 はた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
将 まさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
將 まさに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尉 ジョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尉 おさえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
尉 やすんじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
尊 とうとぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尋 つね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
對 こたえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
對 そろい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
對 つれあい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
導 みちびき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
小 さ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
少 しばらく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
尓 のみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尖 さき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尚 くわえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
尚 たっとぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
尚 ねがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
尚 なお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尠 セウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尢 あしなえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
尢 せむし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
尢 だいのまげあし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尢 もっとも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尤 とが is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
就 つける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尸 しかばねかんむり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尺 セキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
尺 ものさし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
尼 ジツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
尽 サン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尽 ずく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尽 つかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尽 づく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尿 しと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
尿 ゆばり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
局 しきる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
屁 おなら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
居 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
居 コ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
居 おく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
居 い is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
屆 とどけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
屋 やね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
屏 びょうぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
屑 いさぎょい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
屑 いさぎよい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
屓 ねいき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
屓 いびき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
展 つらねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
展 のべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
展 のびる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
属 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
層 かさなる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
層 かさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
履 くつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
履 ふむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
屬 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
屮 テツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
屮 ひだり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
屮 ふるくさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
屯 チュン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
屯 たむろする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
屶 たな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
屹 ギツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岌 ギュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岐 えだみち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岔 サ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岔 フン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岔 まちがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岔 くいちがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岨 いしゃま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岨 いしやま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
岫 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
岫 みさき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
岱 ダイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岱 かわりあう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岱 はじめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岶 ヒャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岶 しげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岾 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岾 チョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
岾 はけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
峇 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
峨 たかね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
峨 いかめしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
峨 けわしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
峯 ね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
峰 ね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
峺 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
峺 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
峺 コ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
峺 さえぎる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
崇 シュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
崇 たかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
崇 たっとぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
崋 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
崎 けわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
崎 さい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
崎 みさき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
崔 セ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
崔 ガイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
崔 まじわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
崔 がけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
崖 ギ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
崖 ゲ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
崖 きし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
崖 はて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
崙 リン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
崛 たかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
崩 くずれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嵋 バイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嵋 ミ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嵌 はまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嵌 はめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嵒 そびえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嵒 けわしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嵜 けわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嵜 さい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嵜 みさき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嵩 かさむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嵬 ガイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嵬 たかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嵯 けわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嵯 たかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嵳 けわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嵳 たかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嵶 たお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嵶 たおやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嵶 たわむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嶄 けわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嶐 リュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
嶐 リュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嶐 やまのかたち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
嶬 けわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
巌 いわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
巖 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
巛 まがりがわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
州 しま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
巡 めぐり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
工 グ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
工 たくみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
工 わざ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
工 つかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
左 シャ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
左 もとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
左 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
巧 さとい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
巧 うまい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
巧 たくむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
巨 おおきい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
巫 ブ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
差 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
差 たがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
差 たがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
差 さし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
己 な is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
已 はなはだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
巴 うずまき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
巻 まき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
巾 フク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
巾 ふきん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
巾 きれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
巾 ちきり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
布 しく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
希 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
希 こいねがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
帝 タイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
帥 ソツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
帥 ひきいる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
帥 そつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
師 みやこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
師 おさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
席 せき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
帰 かえす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
帳 はり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
帶 めぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
常 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
常 つねに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
帽 ぼうし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
帽 おおう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
帽 ずきん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
幀 かけもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幃 においぶく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幃 ふくろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幅 ヒョク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幌 とばり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
幕 おおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幕 とばり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
幗 かみかざり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幡 バン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
幡 マン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
幢 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幣 たから is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幣 ぜに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幤 ぬさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
干 おかす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
干 ほし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
干 ぼし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
平 ベン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
平 ビョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
平 ひらたい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
平 たいらげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
年 みのる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
年 よわい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幵 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幵 ヘイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
幵 たいらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幹 わざ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幺 いとがしら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
幺 ようへん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
幼 ユウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幽 しろい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
幽 ふかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
幾 きざし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幾 ちかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
幾 いくつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
幾 いくら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
广 いえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
广 まだれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
広 ひろがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
広 ひろまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
庄 ソ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
庄 いなか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
庄 むらざと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
床 ゆかしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
序 のべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
底 なんぞ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
庖 くりゃ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
庖 くりや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
府 やくしょ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
府 みやこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
度 はかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
度 めもり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
度 たい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
座 くら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
座 います is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
庵 いお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
庶 もろもろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
庶 こいねがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
庶 ちかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
康 やすい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
庸 もちいる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
庸 つね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
庸 あに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廈 ひさし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廉 かど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廉 やすい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廊 わたどの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
No entry for 廏 in /home/ben/data/unihan/Unihan_Readings.txt.
廖 むなしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廚 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廚 チュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廚 くりゃ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廚 くりや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廛 たな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廟 ミョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廠 うまや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廡 しげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廢 ふす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廢 おちる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廢 すたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廣 ひろば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廣 ひろがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廣 ひろげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廣 ひろまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廬 いお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廰 いえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廳 いえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廴 のばす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廴 いんにょう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廴 えんにょう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
延 のべ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
延 のべる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廷 にわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廸 いたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廸 すすむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廸 みちびく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
建 たつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
建 たて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
建 だて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廻 めぐり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廻 まわす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廻 めぐらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廻 もとおる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廼 アイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廼 ノ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廼 の is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廼 なんじ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廾 ささげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
廾 にじゅう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
廾 にじゅうあし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弁 あらそう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弁 はなびら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弄 ル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弄 いじくる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弄 いじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弄 ひねくる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弄 ろうする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弉 ゾウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弊 ヘツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弊 つかれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弊 くるしむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弊 やぶれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弋 しきがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弌 ひと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弍 ふた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弍 ふたたび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
式 ショク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
式 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
式 のっとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弐 そえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弑 ころす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弔 テキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弔 つる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弔 とぶらう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
引 ひける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弖 テ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弖 て is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弗 ボツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弗 ホチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弗 ず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弘 ひろめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弛 たゆむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弛 たるむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弛 たるめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弛 ゆるみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弟 デ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弥 ビ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弥 ひさしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弥 とおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弥 いや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弥 いよいよ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弥 わたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弧 きゅみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弩 いしゅみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弩 いしゆみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弩 おおゆみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弭 やむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弭 やめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弱 ニャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弱 よわめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
張 ばり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
強 こわい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
強 つよめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弸 ヒョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弸 みちる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弼 すけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
弾 ただす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弾 はじきゆみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弾 はじく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弾 はじける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
弾 ひき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彁 カ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彈 タン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彈 ただす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彈 はじく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彈 はじける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彊 しいる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彌 ゲイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彌 いや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彌 いよいよ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彌 とおい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彌 ひさし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彌 や is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彑 けいがしら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
当 あたり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
当 まさに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
当 まさにべし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彖 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彖 とく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彗 セイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彙 あつまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彙 たぐい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彡 かみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彡 かみかざり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彡 さんづくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
形 あらわれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
形 がた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
形 なり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彩 いろどり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彩 つや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彫 ぼり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彬 フン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彬 うるわしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彭 ゆく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彭 みち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彭 さかん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彰 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彰 あや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彰 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彰 あらわれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
影 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彳 ぎょうにんべん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
彳 たたずむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
役 つとめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
役 えだち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彿 フチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彿 にかよう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
彿 ほのか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
往 さきに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
征 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
征 ゆく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
征 とる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徃 いにしえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徃 さきに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
径 ただちに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
待 ダイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
待 まち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
很 ギン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
很 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徊 クワイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
律 レツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
律 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
後 うしろ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徐 おもむろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徐 おもむろに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徑 ちかみち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徑 さしわたし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徑 ただちに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徒 かち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徒 ともがら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徒 いたずらに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徒 あだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徒 いたずら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徙 うつす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
從 したがって is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
從 おう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
從 したがえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
從 より is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徠 つく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徠 かえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徠 きたす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徠 きたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
御 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
御 お is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
御 み is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
復 かえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
復 かえす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
循 したがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徭 エウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徭 つかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
徭 ふぞろい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
微 ない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徳 おしえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徴 めす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徹 とおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徼 ギョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徼 もとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徼 かすめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
徽 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
心 ごころ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
心 りっしんべん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
忌 いまわしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
忌 いみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
忍 しのび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
忍 しのばせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
志 シリング is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
志 しるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
忙 うれえるさま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
忙 おそれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
忙 せわしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
応 ノウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
応 まさに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
忝 かたじけな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
忝 かたじけない is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
忠 まごころ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
忤 もとる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
忰 やつれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
念 おもう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
念 ねんじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
忽 ゆるがせに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
忽 ゆるがせ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
忿 いかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怎 なんぞ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怏 オウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怐 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
怐 コ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
怐 おろか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
怕 ヒャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怕 かしわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怖 こわがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怛 タン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
思 おもい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
思 おぼす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
思 おもえらく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
急 いそぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
急 せく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
性 たち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
怨 うらみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怨 うらめしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怩 デイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
怩 ニ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
怩 はず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
怪 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怫 ふさぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
怫 いかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
怯 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怯 おそれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怯 ひるむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怱 ス is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
怱 あわてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
怺 しのぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
怺 たえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恁 おもう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恆 つね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恆 つねに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恊 あう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恊 あわせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恍 ほのか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恍 うっとりする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恍 くらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恍 とぼける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恍 ほれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恐 おそれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恐 おそる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恐 こわい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恐 こわがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恙 つつが is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恙 つつがない is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恠 あやしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恢 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恤 めぐむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恥 はじらう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恨 うらみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恩 めぐむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恬 やすらく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
息 やすむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
息 やめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恰 カツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
恰 カッ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恰 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恰 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
恷 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悁 うれえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悁 いらだつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悉 シチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悉 ことごと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悉 つきる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悉 つぶさに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悋 おしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悌 ダイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悌 すなお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悌 やすらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悌 ひらく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悍 あらし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悒 ふさぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悔 くやしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悗 マン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悟 さとり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悠 とおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悠 はるか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
患 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
患 うれえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
患 うれい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悦 よろこばす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悩 なやませる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悩 なやましい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悩 なやます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悪 いずくんそ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悪 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悪 あし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悪 いずくに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悪 いずくんぞ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悪 にくい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悪 わる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
悲 かなしみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悳 とく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悳 おしえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悶 もだえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悸 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
悸 おそれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
情 こころ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
情 おもむき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惇 シュン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惇 まこと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惑 まどい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惓 つつしむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惓 はげしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惓 うむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惚 ほける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惚 ぼける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惜 シャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惟 ビ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惟 おもう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惟 おもんみる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惡 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惡 あし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惡 いずくに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惡 いずくんぞ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惡 にくい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惡 にくむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惣 いそがしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惣 そうじて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惣 すべて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惨 むごい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惰 おこたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惱 なやましい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惱 なやます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
惱 なやみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
想 おもい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
惷 みだれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愀 うれえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愀 さびしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愃 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愃 ゆたか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愃 こころよい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愃 わすれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愉 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愎 ヒキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
意 こころ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
意 おもい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
意 おもう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愛 かなしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
愛 まな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
感 かんじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愡 ス is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愧 とがめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
愧 はじらう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
愧 はずかしめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
愨 まこと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
愴 いたましい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
愼 つつしみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
愽 ハク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愽 タン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
愽 ひろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愽 ひろめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
愾 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慂 ユ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慂 しいる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慂 すすむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慄 ふるえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慇 いたむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慇 ねんごろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慈 いつくしみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
態 さま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慌 あわただし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慌 くらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慌 あわただしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慍 いかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慎 つつし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慎 つつましい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慓 はやい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慓 すばやい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慘 ザン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慘 いたむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慘 むごい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慢 おこたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慢 あなどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慢 おごる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慣 ならわし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慥 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慥 たしか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慥 たしかに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慨 カイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慨 なげく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慮 ロク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慮 おもんぱか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慮 おもんぱかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慮 おもんぱくる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慯 いたむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慰 なぐさみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慱 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慱 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慱 うれえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慶 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慶 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慶 よろこぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慶 よろこび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慷 いきどおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慷 なげく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
慾 このみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
慾 むさぼる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憂 うき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憇 いこう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憎 にくらしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憐 あわれみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憐 あわれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憑 つかれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憔 セウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憔 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憔 やせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憖 なまじいに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憖 なまじい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憙 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憙 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憙 このむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憚 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憚 はばかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憤 いきどおり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憬 さとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憬 あこがれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
憲 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憶 おぼえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憶 おもう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憺 やすらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憺 さだまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
憺 しずか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
懆 うれえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
懆 むさぼる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
懈 たわい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
應 こたえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
應 まさに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懊 じれったい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懋 しげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懍 おそれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
懐 エ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懐 いだく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懐 なずける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懐 なつかしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懐 なつかしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懐 なつける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懷 エ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懷 いだく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懷 おもう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懷 なつかしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懷 なつかしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懷 なつける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
懼 グ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戀 こう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戈 かのほこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戈 ほこづくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戉 ジュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戉 えびす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
成 たいらげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
我 わが is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戒 いましめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戔 ザン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戔 そこなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戔 あまり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戔 せまい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
或 コク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
或 あるい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戝 サイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戝 ザイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戝 そこなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戡 さす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戦 そよぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戦 わななく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
截 サイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戮 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戮 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戮 ロク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戮 けずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戯 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戯 ゲ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戯 たわむれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戯 ざれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戯 じゃれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戰 おののく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戰 そよぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戲 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戲 たわむれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
戳 さす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戳 つく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戸 へ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戻 ライ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戻 もとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戻 いたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
戻 もどる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
房 ホウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
房 へや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
所 ソ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
所 とこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
所 どころ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
扁 ハン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
手 ズ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
手 てずから is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
手 た is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
才 ザイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
才 わずかに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
才 ざえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
扎 ぬく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
扎 かまえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
打 テイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
打 ダアス is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
打 だうす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
打 ぶつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
払 ヒツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
払 ばらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
托 たくする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
扛 かつぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
扣 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
扨 サ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
扨 さす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
扮 ふんする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
扮 やつす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
扱 キュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
扱 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
扱 あつかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
扱 あつかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
扶 ホ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
批 ヘイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
批 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
找 カ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
找 ゲ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
找 さおさす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
找 たずねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
承 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
承 ジョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
抂 くるう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抂 きちがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抄 とる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抄 かすめとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抄 うつす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抉 くじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
抉 こじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
把 ワ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
把 つか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抓 つめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
投 なげ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
抖 あげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抖 ふるう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抗 あたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抗 ふせぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抗 あらがう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
折 シャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
折 くじく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
折 おり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
抜 ハイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
抜 ぬかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
抜 ぬかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
抜 ぬき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
抜 ぬける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
披 ひらく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抬 ダイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抵 あたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抵 あてる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抹 する is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抻 チン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
抻 のぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抻 のべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抻 のばす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
押 おっ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
抽 ぬく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抽 ひく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
抽 ひき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拇 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拈 つまむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拈 ひねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拉 ラ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拉 ひしぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拉 らっする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拊 はる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拌 すてる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拌 わる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拌 かきまぜる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拍 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拏 つかむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拐 かたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拑 はさむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拒 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拒 ゴ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拒 ふせぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拓 セキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拓 ひろう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拔 ハツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拔 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拔 ぬかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拔 ぬかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拗 ユウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拗 こじれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拗 ねじれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拘 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拘 とどめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拘 とらえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
招 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
招 まねき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拜 おろがむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拝 おろがむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拡 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
括 くくり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拱 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拱 こまねく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
拷 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拷 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拾 とお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
拿 つかむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
持 チ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
持 もてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
指 さし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
挈 ひつさげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
挈 ひっさげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
挑 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
挑 かかげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
挟 さしはさむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
挟 はさまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
挟 わきばさむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
挧 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
挧 ウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
挧 とち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
振 ぶり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
振 ぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
挾 さしはさむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
挾 はさまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
挾 わきばさむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
挿 さしはさむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
挿 はさむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捌 さばき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
捌 はけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捏 デツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
捏 テツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捏 ネツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捏 つくねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捏 ねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捐 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
捐 あたえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
捕 つかまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捕 とらわれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捜 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捜 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捩 ねじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
捩 ねじれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捩 よじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捫 とる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
捫 ひねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
据 すえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
据 すわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捲 まくる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捲 まくれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捲 めくる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捶 タ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
捶 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
捶 つく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
捷 かつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
捺 さす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捻 ねじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
捻 ひねくる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掀 かかげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掃 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掃 はらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掌 つかさどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掌 てのひら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掎 カ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掎 イ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
排 おしひらく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
排 つらねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掖 わき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掘 コツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掛 カ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掛 ケイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掛 かけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掛 がかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掛 がかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掛 がけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掟 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掠 かする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掠 かすれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
接 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
接 まじわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
推 おして is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掬 コク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掬 きくす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掬 たなごころ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掬 むすぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掲 ケツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掴 つかみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掴 つかまえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掴 つかまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掵 ハバ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
掵 はば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掾 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
掾 したやく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
揃 きる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
揄 ヨウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
揄 ひく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
揄 うごかす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
揄 なぶる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
揉 もめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
描 かく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
提 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
插 にない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
插 とる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
插 はさむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
揖 イツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
揖 ユ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
揖 えしゃく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
揖 ゆずる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
揖 おす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
握 にぎり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
揣 こころみる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
揣 さだめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
援 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
援 ひく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
援 たすけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
揺 うごく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
揺 ゆさぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
揺 ゆらぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
揺 ゆる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
揺 ゆるぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搆 ひく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
搆 かまえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
損 へる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
搖 うごく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搖 ゆさぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搖 ゆすぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搖 ゆらぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搖 ゆるぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搗 かつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搜 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搜 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搦 ジョク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搦 がらみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搬 うつす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
搬 はこぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
搭 のせる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
搭 のる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
搶 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
搶 こばむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
搶 とどく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
携 たずさわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
摂 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摂 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
摎 リュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摎 くくる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摘 タク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摘 チャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摘 ひろう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摘 あばく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摧 スイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摧 おす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摧 ひく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摩 さする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
摩 まする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
摸 マク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
摸 モウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
摸 さぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摸 とる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摸 うつす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
摺 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
摺 すり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撃 ケキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撈 すくいあげ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撈 とる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撓 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撓 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
撓 トウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
撓 しおる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
撓 しなう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
撓 たわむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
撕 サイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撕 さく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撚 よれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
撤 すてる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撤 ひらく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撩 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撩 いどむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
播 ハン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
播 バン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
撮 サイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撮 つまみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撮 どり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
撰 えらむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
撰 せんする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
撲 ハク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撲 ホク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撲 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撻 タチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
撻 はやい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擁 いだく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擇 エキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擇 やぶれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
操 サン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
操 とる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擔 ケツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擔 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擔 おう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擘 ビャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擘 ヒャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
據 ケキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
據 あかし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
據 ひく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擡 ダイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擢 ぬく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擣 チュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擣 ふれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擦 さする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擦 こする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擦 こすれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擦 すれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擦 ずれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擧 あがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擧 こぞる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擬 なぞらえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擬 はかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擬 もどき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擲 チャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擴 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擴 はる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擴 ひろめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擽 フキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擽 うつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擾 わずらわし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
擾 みだす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
擾 わずらわしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
攜 たずさわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
攣 つる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
攤 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
攤 ダ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
攤 ゆるやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
攫 さらう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
支 えだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
支 かう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
支 しんよう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
支 じゅうまた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
攴 ハク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
攴 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
攴 とまた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
攴 ぼくづくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
攴 ぼくにょう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
攵 ボク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
攵 ハク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
攵 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
攵 のぶん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
攵 ぼくづくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
攵 ぼくにょう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
收 おさまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
改 あらため is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
攻 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
放 ゆるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
放 こく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
放 っぱなし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
放 はなれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
放 ほうる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
政 ただす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
政 まん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
故 こと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
故 ことさらに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
故 ふるい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
故 もと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
效 ききめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
效 ならう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
敍 ついでる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
敍 ついず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
敏 ミン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
敏 とし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
救 グ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
救 すくい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
敗 バイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
敗 やぶる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
敘 ついでる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
敘 ついず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
教 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
教 おしえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
教 おそわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
敞 ひろい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
敢 あえず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
敢 あえない is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
散 ちらかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
散 ちらばる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
散 ばら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
散 ばらける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
敦 タイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
数 サク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
数 ソク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
数 しばしば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
数 わずらわしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
敵 かなう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
數 サク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
數 ス is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
數 ソク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
數 しばしば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
數 せめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
數 わずらわしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斃 たおす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
文 かざる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
斉 ザイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
斉 あたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斉 はやい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斌 フン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斌 あきらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斎 いつく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斎 いむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斎 いわう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斐 イ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斐 あや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
斑 ふ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斗 とます is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
斗 ます is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
斗 ひしゃく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
料 はかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
斛 ます is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
斛 ますめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
斛 と is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斜 はす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斟 くみかわす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
斡 ワツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斡 めぐらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斬 セン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斬 ゼン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斯 か is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斯 こう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斯 ここに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
新 あら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
斷 さだめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
方 ならべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
方 くらべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
方 がた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
於 あう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
於 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
於 おける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
施 イ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
施 しく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
旄 はたかざり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
旄 おいぼれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
旋 ゆばり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
旋 いばり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
族 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
族 やから is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
旙 ヘン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旛 ヘン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
无 なし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
无 む is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
无 むにょう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旡 むせぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
旡 すでのつくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旡 なし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旡 む is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
既 つきる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
日 ひび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
日 び is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旦 ダン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旦 あきら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旦 あきらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旦 あさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旦 ただし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旧 グ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
早 サツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
早 サッ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
早 はやまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
早 はやめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旬 あまねく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
旺 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旺 ゴウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旺 うつくしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
旺 かがやき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
昂 たかぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
昆 あに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
明 ミン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
明 あかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
明 あからむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
明 あかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
明 あかるむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
明 あく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
明 あくる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
明 あけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
昏 くれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
易 かえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
易 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
易 やすい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
昜 あがる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
昜 ひかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
星 ぼし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
映 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
映 ばえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
昧 バイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
昧 むさぼる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
昨 きのう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
昭 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
昴 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
昵 ちかずく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
昵 ちかづく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
昶 ながい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
昶 とおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
昶 のびる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
時 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
時 これ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
時 どき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
晄 オウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
晉 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
晉 おさえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
晉 つつしむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
晟 さかん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
晟 めしびつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
晦 くらむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
晦 つごもり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
晧 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
晧 ひかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
晧 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
晨 あさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
晩 くれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
晩 おそい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
普 ホ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
普 あまねく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
景 エイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
景 けしき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
景 かげ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
晴 ばれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
晶 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
智 ちえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
暈 くま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
暈 ぼかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
暈 ぼかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
暑 あつさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
暖 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
暖 あたたか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
暗 やみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
暗 くらむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
暗 くれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
暘 ひので is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
暘 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
暘 はれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
暝 ベイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
暦 リャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
暮 くれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
暹 すすむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曇 タン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曇 くもり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曜 ひかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曜 かがやく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曝 ホク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
曝 ボク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
曦 ひ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曦 ひかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曩 さき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曰 いう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曰 ここに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
曰 のたまう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
曰 ひらび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
更 あらためる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
更 さらに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
更 ふかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
曷 いずくんそ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曷 いずくんぞ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
曷 いつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
書 ふみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
書 がき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
曹 ゾウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
曹 つかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曹 ともがら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曹 へや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曼 ひく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曼 ひろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曽 ゾ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曽 ゾウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
曽 かって is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
曽 かつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
曽 かつて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
曾 かつて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
替 テイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
替 すたれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
替 かえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
最 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
最 も is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
最 つま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
會 あつまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
會 あわせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
有 もつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
有 たもつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
服 きる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
服 きもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
服 したがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朏 ホツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朏 みかずき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朏 くらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朏 おろか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朕 ジン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朕 われ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朕 きざし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朖 あきらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
望 のぞみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朝 あした is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朝 あつまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朞 ゴ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
朞 とき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
期 ちぎる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
木 こ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
未 まだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
札 わかじに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朮 おけら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
朱 あか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朴 ホク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朴 えのき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
朴 ほう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
朷 ボク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朷 モク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
朸 おおご is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
杁 えぶり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
杆 てすり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
杏 アン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
材 まるた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
杓 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
杜 ド is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
杜 トウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
杞 すき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
杞 ふご is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
杞 もっこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
束 つか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
杠 ちぎり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
条 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
条 デキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
来 タイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
来 き is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
来 きたす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
来 こ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
杭 わたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
東 あずま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
杲 たかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
杳 くらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
杵 ソ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
枅 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枅 とがた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枇 さじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枇 くし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枇 ならべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枋 まゆみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枋 ふしずけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枋 いかだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枋 ほ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
枌 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
枌 まつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
析 シャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
析 さく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枕 シン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
枚 ひら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
果 ラ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
果 くだもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
果 はてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
枝 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枴 タイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枴 ケ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
架 たな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枸 ひいらぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枸 からたち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枸 まがる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枹 おけら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枹 なら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
枹 ならのき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
枹 ほ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
枹 もみじ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柄 ヒョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柆 おれたき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柊 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柏 ヒャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柏 ビャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
某 バイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
某 なにがし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柑 コン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柑 みかん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
染 しみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柔 やわらげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柔 やわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柔 やわらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柘 ジャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柘 そ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柚 ユ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柝 さく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柝 ひらく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柤 ショ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柤 ソ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柤 いせき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柤 きりかぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柤 こぼけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柤 そ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柧 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柧 かど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柧 さかずき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柧 く is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柩 グ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柩 ひちぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柬 てがみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柮 ジュツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柮 ダツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柮 きりはし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柯 ふる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柱 ことじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柱 ささえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柵 しがらむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柵 とりで is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
査 しらべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柾 キュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
柾 まさき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
柾 まさめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
栄 さかえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栄 え is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
栄 はえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
栄 ばえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
栓 せんのき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栗 リ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
校 かせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
校 くらべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
校 かんがえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栢 かや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栩 ウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
株 チュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栫 ふしずけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栫 かこみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栫 まがき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栲 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栲 ぬるで is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栲 たく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栲 かえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
栴 セイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
栴 もみじ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
核 さね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
格 ゴウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
格 ただす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
格 いたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
栽 うえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桀 ます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
案 かんがえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桍 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桍 むなしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桓 ガン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桓 たけしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桓 めぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桓 うれえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桔 はねつるべ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桙 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桟 たな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
档 こしかけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
档 ふち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桧 ひ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
桿 ガン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
桿 ぽうる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
梁 うちばり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梁 うつばり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梍 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
梍 ゾウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
梍 ユウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梍 さいかち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
梗 おおむね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梗 ふさぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梠 ロ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梢 くすのき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梦 ボウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梦 くらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梱 こうり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梱 こうる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梳 けずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梳 とかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梳 とく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梹 ビン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
梹 びんろうし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
梺 ふむと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
梼 きりかぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
梼 おろか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
梼 つく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棊 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棊 ごいし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棊 こま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棋 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棒 ホウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棒 つえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棔 ねむのき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
棚 だな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
棟 むな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
棠 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棣 いくり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棣 にわうめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棧 たな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棯 ジン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棯 デン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棯 シン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
棯 ネン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
棺 ひつぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椁 ひつぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椁 うわひつぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椄 つぎき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椅 いす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椈 コク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椈 ひのき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椋 くら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椌 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椌 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椌 むなしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
植 チ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
植 たてる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
植 うわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
椎 しい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椏 ア is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椢 ケ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椦 まげもの is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
椪 ポン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
椪 くぬぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椴 トド is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
椴 くい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椴 とどまつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
椹 シン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
椹 くわのみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
椽 えん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楕 タ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楕 ぬく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楙 ム is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楙 うつくしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楙 つとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楙 かえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楙 しげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楚 ショ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楜 ゴ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楜 こしょう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楜 くるみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楝 おおち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楠 ゼン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楠 ダン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楠 ネン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楠 くす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楪 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楪 チョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楪 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楪 チャ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楪 まど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楪 すのこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楪 ふだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楫 かい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
業 すでに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楴 チ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楴 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楴 かんざし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楴 ね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
極 ゴキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
極 むね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
極 きまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
極 きめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
極 きわまり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
極 きわみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
極 ぎめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楷 かた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楷 のっとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楷 ただしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
楸 きささげ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楽 ゴウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
楾 はぞう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
概 カイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
概 とかき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
概 おもむき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
榛 ハン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
榜 ふだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
榠 ミョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
榮 はえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
榮 え is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
榮 はえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
榲 オチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
榲 ウン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
榲 すぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
榴 リョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
榴 ル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
榿 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
榿 はんのき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
槃 バン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
構 かまえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
槎 きる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
様 ざま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
様 さん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
槝 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
槞 おり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
槨 そとひつぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
槫 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
槫 まるい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
槭 サク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
槭 シャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
槭 セキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
槽 かいばおけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
槽 おけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
槽 ふね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
樂 このむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
樂 たのしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
樋 とい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
樔 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樔 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樔 やぐら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樔 すくいあみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樔 す is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
樔 たえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
樗 おおち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
標 こずえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
標 すえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
標 しるべ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
樛 まとう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
模 かた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
模 のっとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樢 ボク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樢 モク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樢 ト is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
横 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
横 よこたわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
横 よこたえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樵 こる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
樸 あらき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樸 すなお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樸 こはだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
樹 うえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樹 たてる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
樺 かんば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
橇 かんじき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
橈 かい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
橈 たわめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
橋 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
機 からくり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
機 おり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
橢 こばんが is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
橦 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
橦 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
橦 むね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
橦 きぎれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
橦 つく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
橲 キ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
橲 ずさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
橸 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
橸 まさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
橿 え is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
橿 もちのき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
檄 ゲキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
檄 げきする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
檍 ヨク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
檍 イ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
檍 もち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
檍 い is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
檎 ゴン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
檐 のき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
檗 きはだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
檜 ひ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
檠 ともしび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
檠 たかつき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
檬 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
檬 モ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
檬 モウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
檮 きりかぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
檮 おろか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
檮 つく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
檳 びんろうし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
櫂 かい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
櫚 かりん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
櫟 ヤク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
欒 まるい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
欝 ウン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
欝 うっする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
欝 ふさぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
欟 かたくみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
欠 ケン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
欠 かく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
次 つぎに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
欣 よろこび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
欸 なげく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
欹 そばだてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
欺 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
款 まこと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
款 しるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歇 カツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歇 つきる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歎 なげき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歛 カン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歛 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歛 レン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歛 のぞむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歛 あたえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
止 あし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
止 さし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
止 さす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
止 とどまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
止 とどめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
止 とどめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
止 どまり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
止 どめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
止 やむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
止 やめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
止 よす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
正 まさに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
武 たけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歩 あゆみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歪 エ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歪 ひずみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歪 いがむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歪 いびつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歪 ひずむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歳 とせ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歴 リャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歴 レッキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歴 へる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歸 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歸 ゆく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歸 おくる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歸 かえす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歹 アツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歹 タイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歹 わるい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歹 かばねへん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
歹 いちたへん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歹 がつへん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歹 しにがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
死 しに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
歿 モチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殄 たえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殄 たつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殄 つくす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殆 サイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殆 ほとほと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殉 したがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殊 ジュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殊 ころす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殊 たつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
残 のこり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殕 フウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殕 ホク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殕 やぶれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殕 くさる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殕 たおれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殕 ねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殖 うえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殘 サン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殘 そこなう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殘 のこす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殘 のこり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殳 ほこつくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殳 また is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殳 るまた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殴 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殴 たたく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
段 きたえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
段 わかち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殺 けずる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
殺 ごろし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殻 バイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殻 がら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殼 バイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
殿 しんがり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毀 やせる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毀 こぼれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毀 こわす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毀 こわれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毀 やぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毅 たけし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毆 たたく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毋 かんのはは is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毋 はは is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毋 ぼ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
母 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
母 モ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
母 も is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毎 バイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毎 つね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毎 ごと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毎 ごとに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毒 トク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毒 そこなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毒 わるい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毓 そだつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毓 はぐくむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
比 ならぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
比 ならべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毘 へそ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毘 たすける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毛 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毫 ごうも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
毯 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毯 けむしろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
毳 けば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
气 きがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
氛 き is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
氛 わざわい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
氷 こおる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
永 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
永 とこしえに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
汁 つゆ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
求 グ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汎 ブ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汎 ホン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汐 せい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汕 すくいあみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
汚 けがらわしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汚 よごれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汝 い is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汝 いまし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汝 うぬ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汝 し is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汝 しゃ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汝 な is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汝 なむち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汝 なれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汝 まし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汝 みまし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
池 タ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
汢 つち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
汢 ねた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汨 イツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汪 ひろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
汪 おおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
汪 いけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
決 ぎめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
汽 イツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
汽 ゆげ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
汽 みずけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
汾 おおきい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沂 キン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沂 ギ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沂 ギン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沂 ほとり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沂 ふち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沃 ヨウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沃 こえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沈 シン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沌 ふさがる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沌 おろか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沍 コ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沍 かれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沍 こおる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沍 さえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沍 ひえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沐 ボク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沐 もくする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沒 バイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沒 バ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沒 モツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沒 おわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沒 しぬ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沒 おぼれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沒 ない is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沖 おきつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沖 ちゅうする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沛 さわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沛 さかん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
没 モツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
没 しぬ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
没 ない is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沢 つや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沫 しぶき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沺 テン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
治 なおす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沽 かう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
沽 あらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沽 うる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沾 セン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沾 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沾 うるおす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
沿 ぞい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
況 いわにゃ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
況 いわんや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
況 まして is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
泉 ぜに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
泊 とまり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
泌 ながれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
泌 にじむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
法 ハツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
法 ホツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
法 ハッ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
法 フラン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
法 ホッ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
法 おきて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
法 のっとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
泗 はなじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
泗 なみだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
泙 ヘイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
泙 ビョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
波 ヒ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
泣 なき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
泥 デ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
泥 ナイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
泥 ニ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
注 さす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
注 つぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
泯 メン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
泰 やすい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
泰 おおきい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
泰 おごる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
泱 エイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洋 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洋 なだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洌 レイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
洌 きょい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洌 きよい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
洒 サイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
洒 ソン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
洒 すすぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
洗 あらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洛 まとう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洛 つらなる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洞 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洞 ほがらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洞 ふかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洟 はなしる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
洩 もらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
洪 おうみず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洲 ス is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
洳 ジョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洳 ニョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洳 ジュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
洳 ひたりうるお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
洵 のぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
洸 ほのか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
活 よみがえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
活 いかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
活 いける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
派 わかれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
浄 きょい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
浄 とろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
浄 きよい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
浄 きよめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
浙 よなげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
浚 さらえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
浤 ギョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
浪 ラン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
浪 なみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
浮 うき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
浮 うかべる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
浮 うかれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
浮 む is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
浴 ゆあみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
浸 やや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
浸 つかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
浹 とおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
浹 うるおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
涌 ユ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
涓 エン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
涓 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
涓 しずく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
涓 わずか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
涓 あな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
涕 はなしる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
涯 きし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
液 しる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
涸 からす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
涸 こおる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
涼 すずむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
涼 すずやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
涼 ひやす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淀 よど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淅 よなぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淅 かしょね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淇 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淋 さみしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淌 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淌 したたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淑 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淑 しとやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淒 すごい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淒 すごむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淒 すさまじい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淙 ス is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淙 そそぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淞 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淡 エン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淡 うすい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淦 どろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淨 きょい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淨 きよい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淨 きよめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淫 みだり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淫 みだれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淮 エ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淮 ひとしくする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淮 かこむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
深 ふかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
深 ふかまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
深 ぶかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
深 み is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淳 すなお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淵 カク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淵 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淵 かたい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淵 はなわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
混 こむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
混 まじり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
淹 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淹 ひたす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淹 ひさしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淹 とどまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
淹 いれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
添 そえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
清 シン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
清 きよまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渇 かわき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
済 すます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
済 すまない is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
済 ずみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
済 なす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
済 わたし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渉 かかわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渊 カク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渊 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渊 ぶち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渊 かたい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渊 はなわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渋 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渋 しぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渓 たにがわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渕 カク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渕 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渕 かたい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渕 はなわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
減 カン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渠 いずくんぞ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渠 なに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渡 わたし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渣 シャ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渣 おり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渣 かす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渥 うるおう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
温 ウン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
温 あたたかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
温 あたたまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
温 ぬく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
渫 ちる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渫 やめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渭 いく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渭 しく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渺 ひろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渺 はるか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
渺 びょうたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
湃 ヘ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
湃 しみわたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
湘 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
湘 にる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
湛 ジン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
湛 セン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
湟 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
湟 ほり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
湟 くぼち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
湧 ユ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
湫 くで is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
湯 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
湲 きょい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
湶 ぜに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
湿 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
湿 うるおす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
満 みつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
溏 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
溏 いけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
溏 どろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
準 セツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
準 じゅんじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
準 じゅんずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
準 なぞらえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
溘 たちまち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
溘 にわか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
溜 たまり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
溜 ため is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
溢 こぼれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
溥 ホ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
溪 たにがわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
溯 サク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
溲 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
溶 とかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
溶 とく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
溷 かわや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
溽 ヒョク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
滂 ひろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
滄 さむい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
滅 ベツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
滅 ほろぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
滋 しげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
滋 ます is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
滋 ますます is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
滌 テキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
滞 テイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
滬 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
滬 えり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
滬 あじろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
滯 テイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
滲 にじむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
滴 したたり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
滷 しおち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
滷 しおつき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
滾 たぎらかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
滿 みつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
漁 すなどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漁 いさる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漁 すなどり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漁 あさる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
演 のべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漠 すなはら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漠 ひろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漢 から is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漫 みだり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漫 そぞろに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漫 そぞろ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
漬 ひたす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漬 つけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漬 つかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
漬 づけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
漱 ス is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
漱 くちすすぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
漱 くちそそぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
漸 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漸 ザン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
漸 やや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
漸 ようよう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潔 いさぎょい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
潔 いさぎよい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潘 しろみず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
潘 うずまき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
潘 あふれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
潛 かくれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潛 くぐる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潛 ひそめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潜 かくれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潜 くぐる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潜 ひそめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潟 がた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潤 めぐみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
潤 うるおす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潭 シン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
潭 ジン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潰 つぶれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
潰 つぶす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潰 つぶれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
潴 みずたまり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
澀 しぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
澁 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
澁 しぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
澂 すます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
澄 すみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
澎 ヒョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
澑 たまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
澑 ため is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
澤 うるおい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
澤 うるおす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
澤 つや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
澱 よどみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
激 ケキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
激 はげしく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
激 はげます is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濁 ジョク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濁 にごり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濂 デン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濂 うすい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濂 まじえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濃 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濃 こまやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濔 デイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濔 ナイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濔 ビ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濕 うるおう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濕 うるおす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濕 しめす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
No entry for 濛 in /home/ben/data/unihan/Unihan_Readings.txt.
濟 すくう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濟 すます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濟 なす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濟 わたす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濟 わたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濠 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濡 うるおい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濡 ぬらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濫 みだれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濫 みだりがましい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濬 ふかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濬 となえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濯 あらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濯 すすぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濯 ゆすぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濱 ホウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
濳 かくれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濳 くぐる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
濳 ひそめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瀉 そそぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瀉 くだす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瀋 しる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瀑 ハク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瀑 ホク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瀑 ボウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瀑 にわかうめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瀑 にわかあめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瀞 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瀞 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瀞 ジュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瀞 きょい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瀞 きよい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瀟 きよし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瀦 みずたまり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瀰 ながれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瀰 ながれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瀲 うかぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瀲 みぎわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瀲 なぎさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
灑 サ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
灑 セ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
灘 カン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
灘 タン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
灣 いりこむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
灣 いりえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
火 コ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
火 やく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
火 び is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
火 ほ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
灯 テイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
灯 チョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
灯 あかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
灯 ともしび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
灯 ともす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
灯 ほ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
灸 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
灼 あらた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
炊 かしぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
炊 だき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
炎 タン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
炎 もえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
炬 たいまつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
炬 ともしび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
炬 やく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
炸 サツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
炸 タク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
炸 あげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
点 さす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
点 たてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
点 つく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
点 つける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
点 とぼす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
点 ともす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
為 する is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
為 たり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
為 なり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
為 なる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
烋 さいわい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
烋 めでたい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
烋 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
烏 いずくんそ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
烏 いずくんぞ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
烏 なんぞ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
烽 とぶひ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
焉 イ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
焉 いずくんそ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
焉 すなわち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
焉 いずくんぞ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
焉 ここに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
焙 ホイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
焙 ほうじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
焚 ハン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
焚 ホン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
焚 たく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
焚 やきがり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
無 なかれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
焦 こがれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
然 もえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
然 しかれども is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
然 しかして is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
然 さ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
然 しか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
然 しかし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
然 しかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
焼 やける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煌 きらめく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煎 せんじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煎 にる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煕 ひかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
煕 あきらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煕 かわく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煕 たのしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煕 ひろい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煕 ひろまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煕 ひろめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煕 よろこぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煖 カン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煖 ナン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煖 あたたか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煢 ひとりもの is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
照 てり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
照 てれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煩 わずらわし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
煩 うるさい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煩 うるさがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煬 やく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煮 ショ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
煮 に is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
煮 にやす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熈 あきらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熈 かわく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熈 たのしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熈 ひろまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熈 ひろめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熏 いぶす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熏 いぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熏 くすぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熏 くゆらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熔 とかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熕 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
熕 おおずつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
熕 おおづつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熙 ひかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
熙 あきらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熙 かわく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熙 たのしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熙 ひろい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熙 ひろまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熙 ひろめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熙 よろこぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熟 にる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
熟 つらつら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
熨 のし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熱 ゼツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
熱 ネチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
熹 あかるい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熾 おこす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
熾 おこる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燃 ゼン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
燃 もす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燈 あかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燈 ともす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燈 ほ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燉 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
燐 おにび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
燒 やける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燕 つばくら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燕 つばくろ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燗 かん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
營 いとなみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燠 ウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燠 おき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燥 かわく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
燥 はしゃぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燦 きらめく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燦 さんたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燧 ひきり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燮 やわらげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
燻 いぶす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燻 いぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燻 くすぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燻 くゆらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
燿 ひかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爆 さける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
爆 やく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
爆 はぜる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爍 ひかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爪 つま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爭 いかでか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爲 する is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爲 たり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爲 なり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爲 なる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爵 さかずき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
父 ホ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
爺 じい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爺 じじい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爻 ギョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爻 めめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爾 おれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爾 しか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爾 のみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爿 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
爿 だい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
爿 きぎれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
爿 しょうへん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
片 きれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
片 ぺんす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
版 いた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
版 ふだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
牋 ふだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
牌 ぱい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
牙 きばへん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
牝 め is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
牝 めん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
牟 むさぼる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
牡 お is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
牡 おん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
牧 モク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
牧 かう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
牧 やしなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
牲 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
牲 いけにえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
特 ドク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
特 おうし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
特 ひとり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
特 ことに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
牾 さからう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
犀 さい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
犀 かたい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
犀 するどい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
犁 リュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
犇 ひしひし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
状 かたち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
犹 ジョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狂 きちがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
狂 くるおしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狎 オウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狙 ねらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狠 ゲン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狡 わるがしこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
狡 こすい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狡 わるがしこい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狢 ハク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狢 バク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狩 シュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
狩 がり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
独 トク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狭 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狭 せばまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狷 ためらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
狸 ライ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狹 さ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狹 せばまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
狽 ケン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
猗 ア is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
猗 あう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猗 うるわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猗 ながい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猗 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
猛 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猛 たけし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猜 ねたむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猜 そねむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
猥 みだり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猥 みだら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
猩 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
猩 あかいろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猩 しょうじょう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
猫 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猫 ミョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猯 まみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
猴 ゴ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猶 ユ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
猷 ヨウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
猾 わるがしこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
猾 わるがしこい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
獄 キョク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
獄 ひとや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
獏 ばく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
獗 カチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
獗 たける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
獪 わるがしこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
獪 わるがしこい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
獰 ネイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
獵 レフ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
獸 けだもの is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
獺 うそ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
獺 かわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
玄 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
玄 くろい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
率 シュツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
率 おおむね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
率 わりあい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
玉 ゴク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
玉 だま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
王 ノウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
王 きみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
玩 もちあそぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
玲 ロウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
珀 ヒャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
珂 くつわがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
珂 くつわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
珈 ケ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
珈 かみかざり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
珊 センチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
珊 さんち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
珍 たから is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
珎 たから is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
珞 レキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
珞 リャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
珥 みみかざり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
珥 ひがさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
班 わける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
現 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
球 グ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
理 すじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
理 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
琴 ゴン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
琶 ワ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
琿 ゴン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瑁 バイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瑕 あら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瑙 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瑛 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瑞 スイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瑣 くさり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瑩 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瑩 みがく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瑩 しぼむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瑰 おおきい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瑰 すぐれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瑰 うつくしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瑰 たま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瑰 めずらしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
璋 ひしゃく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
璋 たま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
璋 あらわす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
環 たまき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
環 めぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
璽 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
璽 しるし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瓜 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瓣 ヘン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瓣 あらそう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瓣 わきまえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瓣 わける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瓧 デカグラム is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瓧 でかぐらむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瓩 キログラム is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瓩 きろぐらむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瓰 デシグラム is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瓰 でしぐらむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瓱 ミリグラム is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瓱 みりぐらむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瓲 トン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瓲 とん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瓶 ヘイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瓷 ジ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瓸 ヘクトグラム is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瓸 へくとぐら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甃 いしだたみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甅 センチグラム is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甅 せんちぐら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甌 かめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甌 はち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甍 ミョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甎 しきがわら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甑 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甓 ビャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甘 あまんじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甘 あまえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甘 あまやかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甚 シン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甚 なに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甚 はなはだしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甜 あまい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甞 こころみる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甞 かって is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甞 かつて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 いかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 いきる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 いける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 う is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 うまれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 うむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 き is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 なす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 なま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 なる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 はやす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
生 むす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
産 むす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甥 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甦 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
用 はたらき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
用 もって is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甫 はじめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甫 すけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甫 はじめて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甬 つね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甬 つかう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甬 おどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
田 テン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
田 かり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
由 より is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甲 よろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
甲 つめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
申 のびる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
申 もうし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
男 お is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
町 テイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
画 エ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
画 カイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
画 えがく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
画 かくする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
甼 テイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畄 とどめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畄 とまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畄 るうぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畆 ム is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畆 モ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畉 ブ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畊 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
界 さかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畏 かしこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畑 ばたけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畔 そむく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畔 ほとり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
留 とどめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
留 るうぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畚 もっこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畜 キク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畜 キュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畜 たくわえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畜 やしなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畜 かう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畝 ム is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畝 モ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畢 おわり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畤 さかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畤 たくわえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畤 うえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
略 おかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
略 はぶく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
略 ほぼ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畦 あぜ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畧 おかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畧 はかりごと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畧 はぶく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
番 ハン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
番 つがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
番 つがえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畫 エ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畫 かく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畫 えがく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畫 かくする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畭 シャ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畭 あらた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畭 やわらぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畭 やきた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
異 あやしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
異 け is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畳 かさねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畳 かさなる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畴 はたけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畴 ひとしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
當 あてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
當 まさに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畷 セイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畷 テイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
畸 はした is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畸 めずらしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
畸 かたわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疂 かさなる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疇 ひとしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疉 かさなる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疊 かさなる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疋 ガ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疋 ヒキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疋 ヒツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疋 ひき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疎 ショ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疎 うとむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疎 まばら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疏 あらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疏 うとむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疏 とおす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疑 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疑 うたがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疑 うたがわし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疔 テイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疔 かさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疝 せんき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疣 ユ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疥 ひぜん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疥 よごす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疥 おこり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疥 はたけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疫 えやみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疲 つかれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疲 つからす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疲 づかれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
疳 かん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疸 おうだん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疾 やまい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
疾 にくむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痂 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
痂 かさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
病 うれえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
病 やみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
症 しるし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痊 いえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痊 いやす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痒 かゆがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
痔 ヂ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
痘 もがさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痙 つる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
痛 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痛 いたみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痛 いたましい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
痛 いためる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
痢 はらくだり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痩 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
痩 チュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
痰 たん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痳 せんき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痳 りんびょう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痴 しれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
痼 ながわず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
痼 こびりつく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瘉 いやす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瘋 きちがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瘠 ジャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瘧 ガク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瘻 かさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瘻 できもの is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
療 いやす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癆 いたむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癇 かん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癈 かたわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癈 すたれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癌 がん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癒 いやす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
癖 くせに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
癡 しれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
癧 リャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癧 るいれき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癩 かったい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癪 シャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癪 さしこみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癲 くるう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癲 てんかん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癶 ハチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癶 そむく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
癶 はつがしら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
発 ホチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
発 あばく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
発 たつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
登 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
登 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
登 ドウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
登 あがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
發 おこる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
發 たつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
白 もうす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
白 しら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
百 ハク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
百 ビャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皀 ヒュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皀 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皀 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皀 かんばしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皀 つぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皃 かたどる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
的 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皆 みんな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皇 かみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皇 きみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皇 すめらぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皈 かえす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皋 さわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皋 さかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皋 すすむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皋 さつき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皎 きょい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皎 きよい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皐 さわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皐 さかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皙 シャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皚 カイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皚 ギ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皚 ゲ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皚 さむい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皮 けがわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皰 ビョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皰 もがさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皷 つずみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皷 つづみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皺 しぼ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
皿 バイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皿 ミョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
皿 ベイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
盆 ホン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盆 はち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盈 みたす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
益 ますます is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盍 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盒 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盖 かこう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
盖 けだし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
盟 モウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盟 ちかう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盟 ちかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盡 サン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
盡 ことごとく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
盡 さかづき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
盡 つかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
盡 つきる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
監 みる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盤 ハン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盤 おおざら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盤 たらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盧 リョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盧 めしびつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盧 すびつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盧 くろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盪 とろかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
目 まなこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
目 さかん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
目 ま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
盲 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盲 くらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
直 ジカ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
直 なおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
直 すぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
直 なおき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
直 なおる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
相 みる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
相 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盻 ゲイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盻 かえりみる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
盾 トン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
省 みる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眄 ながしめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眄 みる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眇 びょうたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
県 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
県 かかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
県 あがた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眛 バイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眞 まことに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
真 まことに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眠 ベン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眠 ねむり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眠 ねむい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眤 テイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眤 イ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眤 ケイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眤 ダイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眤 ながしめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眤 みつめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眤 い is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眤 てい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眥 イシ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眥 セ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眥 めじり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眦 イシ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眦 セ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眦 めじり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眩 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眩 くるめく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眩 くれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眩 げんす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眩 まう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眩 まばゆい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眩 まぶしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
眺 ながめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眼 ゴン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
眼 め is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
着 きせ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
着 きせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
着 ぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
着 つける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
睇 ぬすみみる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
睇 よこめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
睡 ねむり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
睡 ねむい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
督 みる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
督 うながす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
督 ひきいる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
睥 みる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
睦 むつむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
睨 にらみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
睾 さわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
睾 きんたま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瞑 ベン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瞑 メン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瞑 つぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瞑 つむる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瞑 めいする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瞞 モン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瞬 またたき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瞬 まじろぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
瞶 イ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瞶 みつくす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瞶 めやみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
瞹 かくれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
矍 おどろき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
矗 チュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
矗 チョク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
矜 カン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
矜 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
矢 ちかう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
矢 つらねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
矧 いわにゃ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
矧 いわんや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
矧 はぐき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
矩 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
矩 かね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
矯 いつわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
矼 とびいし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
矼 いしばし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
矼 たしか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
研 みがく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
砕 くだける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
砠 いしゃま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
砠 つちゃま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
砥 キイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
砥 チ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
砥 とぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
砥 みがく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
砲 おおずつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
砲 つつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
破 われる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
砺 といし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
硅 やぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
硫 いおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
硬 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碁 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碆 バ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碌 ろくな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
碎 くだける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
碑 たていし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碓 カク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
碓 うす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碓 かくたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
碓 たしか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
碕 いしばし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碕 さい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
碕 みさき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
碗 わん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碚 つちかう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碧 みどり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碧 あお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碯 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碯 めのう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碵 セキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
確 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
確 かたい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碼 やうど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
碼 やあど is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
碼 やある is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
碾 デン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
磁 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
磁 じしゃく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
磁 やきもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
磅 ボウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
磆 ゲチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
磆 カチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
磔 チャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
磔 ひらく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
磨 する is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
磬 うちいし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
磬 むなしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
磬 つきる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
磴 いしざか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
磴 いしばし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
磴 ます is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
礁 かくれいわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
礎 ショ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
礑 はた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
礒 ガ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
礒 いわお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
礪 と is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
礫 つぶて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
示 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
示 しめし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
礼 うや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
社 ジャ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
社 くみあい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
社 こそ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祀 ジ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祀 とし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祁 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祁 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
祁 おおいに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祁 さかんに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祁 これ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祈 いのり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祉 チ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祉 さいわい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祐 ウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
祓 はらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祕 かくす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
祖 じじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祖 はじめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祚 くらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
祝 チョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祝 はふり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祝 のりと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
神 たましい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
神 かん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
祢 かたしろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祥 きざし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
祥 つまびらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
祥 よい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
票 ふだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
祺 やすい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
禁 コン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禁 ゴン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禁 とどめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禁 たえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禅 セン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
禊 カツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
禎 ただしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
福 さいわい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
福 ひもろぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禝 きび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
禮 れい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禮 おじぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禰 かたしろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禹 むし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禹 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禹 のびる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禺 おながさる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
禺 おながざる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
禾 のぎへん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
禿 ちびる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
私 ひそか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
科 しな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
科 とが is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
秒 のぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
秘 ひそか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
租 みつぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
秤 ヒン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
秤 ビン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
秦 ジン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
秦 はた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
秧 うえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
秩 ついで is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
秩 ふち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
称 かなう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
称 たたえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
称 はかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
称 ほめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
程 はかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
税 ダツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
税 エツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
税 みつぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
稔 ネン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稔 とし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
稗 ヒ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稘 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
稘 ひととせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
稘 わら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
稘 まめがら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
稙 チキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
稙 はやい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
稙 たね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
稚 ジ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稚 おくて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稚 おでる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稜 ロウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稟 うける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
種 うえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
種 ぐさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稱 あげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稱 かなう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稱 ほめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稲 テ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稲 いな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稻 テ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稻 いな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稼 みのり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
稼 うえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
稾 したがき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
稿 したがき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
穀 たなつもつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
穉 ジ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
穉 おくて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
穉 おごる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
積 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
積 つもり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
積 づみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
穎 のぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
穐 とき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
穡 とりいれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
穢 けがす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
穫 かる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
穫 とりいれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
究 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
究 きわまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
穹 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
空 あき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
空 あける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
空 すかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
空 すく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
空 むなしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
穿 はく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
突 カ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窃 ひそかに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
窃 ひそか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窄 すぼめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窄 つぼめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窈 くらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
窈 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
窈 あでやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
窒 テツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
窒 ふさぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
窒 ふさがる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
窓 ス is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窓 けむだし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窓 てんまど is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窕 ヨウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窖 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窗 ス is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窗 てんまど is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窟 あな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窟 いはや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窪 くぼまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窪 くぼみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窮 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窮 きわまり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窮 きわみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窶 やつる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窺 うかがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
窺 のぞく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
窿 リュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
窿 ゆみなり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竃 へっつい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竈 かま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竈 へっつい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
立 リットル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
立 たちどころ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
立 たち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
立 たて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
立 だて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
立 だてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竍 デカリットル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竍 でかりっと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竏 キロリットル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竏 きろりっとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竒 くし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竒 くしき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竒 くしくも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竓 ミリリットル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竓 みりりっとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竕 デシリットル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竕 でしりっと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
站 たつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
站 たたずむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
站 うまつぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竜 いせ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竝 ならび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竝 ならびに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竝 ならぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
章 あや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
章 しるし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
章 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竡 ヘクトリットル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竡 へくとりっと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竣 ドウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竣 わらべ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竣 わらわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
童 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竪 たつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竪 たてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竭 つきる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
端 はな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
端 ばた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竰 センチリットル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竰 せんちりっと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
競 くらべる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竸 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竸 くらべる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竸 せる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
竺 たけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
竺 あつい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
笆 いばらたけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
笆 せまい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
笈 おい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
笋 イン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
笋 たかんな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
笑 わらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
笘 むち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
笛 ジャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
笞 しもと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
笥 け is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
符 ブ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
符 わりふ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
第 テイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
第 ついで is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
第 やしき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
第 ただ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
笵 ボン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
笶 や is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
筋 コン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
筌 うけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
筍 イン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
筍 たかんな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
筏 ボチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
筐 かたみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
筑 ひろう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
策 むち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
策 つえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
策 かずとり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
筥 はこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
筧 かけい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
筬 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
筰 ザク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
筰 シャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
筰 せまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
筰 しゃく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
筱 ゾウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
筺 かたみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
箆 ハイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
箆 くし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
箇 こ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
箇 か is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
算 かぞえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
算 かず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
算 そろ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
箘 しのだけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
箘 や is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
箘 たけのこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
箚 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
箚 かぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
箝 すげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
箟 しのだけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
箟 や is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
箟 たけのこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
管 ふえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
箱 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
節 みさお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
節 ぶし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
範 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
篆 こしきしば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
篇 まき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
築 つく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
篏 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
篏 はさむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
篏 くびかせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
篏 あな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篏 はまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篏 はめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篝 かがりび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篠 ゾウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篠 ささ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篠 すず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篥 リキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篦 ハイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篩 ふるい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
篩 ふるう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篭 ル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篭 こむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篭 こめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篭 こもる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篶 くろだけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
篶 すず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
簀 ジャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
簀 セキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
簇 やじり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
簍 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
簓 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
簗 リョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
簟 タン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
簡 ケン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
簣 もっこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
簷 タン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
簿 ハク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
簿 ちょうめん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
簿 しゃく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
籀 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
籀 ジュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
籍 シャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
籍 ふみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
籏 キ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
籐 とう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
籔 ス is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
籔 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
籔 こめあげさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
籔 やぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
籘 とう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
籠 ル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
籠 こむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
米 メ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
米 メエトル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
米 めえとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
籵 デカメートル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
籵 でかめえとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粁 キロメートル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粁 きろめえとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粃 しな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粉 デシメートル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粉 でしめえとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粋 サイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粍 ミリ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粍 ミリメートル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粍 みりめえとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粍 みり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粐 コ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粐 ぬか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粗 ほぼ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粗 あら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粛 スク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粡 ズ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粡 ちまき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粢 セイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粢 きび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粢 しとぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粤 オチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粥 ジュク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粥 かい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粧 よそおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粧 よそおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粨 ヘクトメートル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粨 へくとめえとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粫 メン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粫 うるち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
粹 サイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
粹 すい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
精 しらげよね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
精 こころ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
精 しらげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糂 サン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糂 シン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糂 ジン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糂 こながき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糊 コツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糎 センチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糎 センチメートル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糎 せんちめえと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糒 ヒ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糒 ハイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糒 ほしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糖 あめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糖 さとう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糘 かせぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糜 かゆ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糟 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糟 かす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糟 ぬか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糢 のっとる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糲 ライ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糴 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糴 うる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糴 せり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
糸 ベキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
系 つなぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
糾 あざなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紀 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紀 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紀 しるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
約 つずめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
約 つずまやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
約 つづまやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
約 つづまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
約 つづめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
紋 ブン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紋 あや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紋 もよう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
納 ナッ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
納 ナン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
納 いれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
納 おさまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
純 シュン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
純 トン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
純 きいと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
純 もっぱら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紕 ふちかざり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紕 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紕 ぬう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紘 ギョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紘 おおずな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紘 ひも is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紘 おおづな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
紘 つな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
紘 つなぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
級 しな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紛 まがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紛 まぎらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
紛 まぎらわしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
紛 まぎらわす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
紛 まぎれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
素 しろぎぬ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
素 きじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紡 ホウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
索 なわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
索 もとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紮 たばねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
累 しばる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
累 かさねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
累 わずらわせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
細 セイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
細 くわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
細 こまか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
細 ほそる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
紳 おおおび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紵 いちび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紹 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紹 つぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紺 カン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
紺 こん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
終 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
終 つい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
組 ショ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
組 くみひも is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
組 ぐみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
絅 ひきしめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絅 きびしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絅 ひとえもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絅 ひく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
絆 バン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絆 ほだす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
絋 わた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絋 わたいれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
経 キン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
経 つね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
経 たつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
経 のり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
経 はかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
絎 くれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
絏 セチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絏 エイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絏 きずな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絏 しばる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絏 そで is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
結 ケイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
結 ケチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
結 むすび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
結 ゆわえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
絛 ジュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
絞 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絞 しまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
絡 まとう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絡 つながる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絡 からまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
絢 あや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
給 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
給 たまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
給 たもう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
絨 ねりいと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絨 けおり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
統 すじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
統 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
統 ほびる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
絲 ベキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絵 え is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
絽 ろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綉 ぬいとり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
經 つね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
經 たつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
經 のり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
經 はかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
継 つぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
続 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
続 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
続 つずく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
続 つぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
続 つぐない is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
続 つづく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
続 つづける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
綜 おさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綜 おさめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
綣 カン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綣 まく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
維 ユイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
維 つな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
維 つなぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
維 これ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綮 はたじるし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綮 むすびめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綰 たくる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綰 たかねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
綰 たがねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
網 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綴 ゲツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
綴 テチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
綴 つずる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綴 つずり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綴 すみやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
綴 つづり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
綴 つづる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
綵 あや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
綻 デン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綽 あだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
綾 リョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綾 リン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
綿 ベン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
綿 つらなる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緊 ちじむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緊 きびしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緊 しまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
緊 しめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
緋 あけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
総 すべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緘 かんする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
緜 ベン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緜 ベツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緜 つらねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緜 まとう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緜 わた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
緞 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緞 どんす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
締 むすぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
締 しまり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
締 しめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
締 じめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
緡 さし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
緡 ぜにさし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
緤 セチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
緤 つなぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
編 とじいと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
編 ふみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
編 あみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
緩 ゆるめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
緬 ほそいと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緬 はるか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緬 かるい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
緯 ぬき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
緲 かすか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
練 ねりぎぬ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
練 ねり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縁 ネン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縁 よる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縁 えにし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縁 ふちどる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縁 ゆかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縁 よすが is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縄 ビン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縄 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縄 ただす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縅 おどし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縒 より is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縛 ハク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縢 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縢 かがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縣 かかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縣 あがた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縦 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縦 はなつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縦 ゆるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縫 ぬいめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縮 ちじむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縮 ちじまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縮 なおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縮 ちぢまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縮 ちぢむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縮 ちぢめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縮 ちぢらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縮 ちぢれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縱 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縲 しばる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縲 かさねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縲 しきりに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縵 ゆるやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縵 つれびき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縹 はなだいろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縹 はなだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
縺 もつれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
縻 ミ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
總 すべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
績 つむぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
績 いさお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繁 しげし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繁 しげく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
繃 つかね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繃 たばねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
繆 ボク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
繆 つかねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繆 くくる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繆 あやまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
繊 ほそい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繊 ちいさい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繊 しなやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繋 かかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
織 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
織 おり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
繕 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繖 かさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繖 きぬがさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繝 あや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繝 にしきもよう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繞 まわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
繞 もとうる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
繩 ビン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繩 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繪 ししゅうもよ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繪 えがく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繭 きぬ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
繻 ジュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
繻 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
繼 まま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
繽 おおし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
繿 ぼろ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纉 サブ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纉 つずける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
續 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
續 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
續 つずく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
續 つぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
續 つぐない is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
續 つづく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
續 つづける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纎 ほそい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纎 ちいさい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纎 しなやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纏 まつわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纏 まとまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纏 まとめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纐 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纐 こう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纒 くくる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纒 なわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纒 まつわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纒 まとまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纒 まとめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纓 かざりひも is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纓 むながい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纓 まとう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纔 ザン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纔 ひたた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纖 ほそい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纖 ちいさい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纖 しなやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纛 おにがしら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
纜 ともずな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
纜 ともづな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
缶 フ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
缶 ほとぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
缶 かま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
缸 もたい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
缺 ケン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
缺 かく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
罌 ヨウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
罌 かめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
罌 ほとぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
罐 かん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罐 ほとぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罐 かま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
网 あみがしら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
网 よこめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
网 よんかしら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
罘 かさねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罧 シン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罧 ふしずけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罪 サイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罪 つみする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罫 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
罫 けい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
置 おき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
罰 つみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罰 とがめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罰 しおき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罰 ばっする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
署 やくわり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
署 しるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罷 ハイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罷 つかれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罷 まかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罷 まかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
罸 ハツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
罸 とがめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罸 つみする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罸 とがめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
罸 はっする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
羃 おおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羃 たれぬの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羃 かぶせる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羅 あみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羅 つらねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羆 しぐま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
羇 ハ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
羇 たずな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羇 たづな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
羇 たび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
羈 ハ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
羈 たずな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羈 たづな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
羈 つなぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
羌 あう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羌 ああ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
美 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
美 ほめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羝 ラン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
羞 はずかしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
羣 クン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羣 むら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
羣 むれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
群 クン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
群 むら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
群 むれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
義 よい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
義 よしとする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
義 よく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羲 いき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
羽 わ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
翅 ただ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
翅 はね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
翊 あけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
翊 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
翌 とぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
翌 あくるひ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
習 ジュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
習 ジュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
翔 とぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
翡 かわせみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
翦 きる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
翰 ふみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
翳 かげ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
翳 くもり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
翳 くもる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
翻 とる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
翼 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
耀 ひかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
老 おい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
耆 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
耋 としょり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
耋 としより is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
而 しかも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
而 しかるに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
而 すなわち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
而 なんじ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
耐 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
耒 き is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
耒 く is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
耒 らいすき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
耗 へる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
耡 すき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
耨 ノク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
耨 ジュク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
耨 ヌ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
耨 すき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
耳 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
耳 のみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
耶 や is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
耻 はじ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
耻 はじらう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
耻 はずかしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
聒 かまびすし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
聒 かまびすしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
聘 へいする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
聚 ジュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
聞 きこえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
聡 みみざとい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
聢 しか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
聨 つらなる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
聰 みみざとい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
聲 こわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
職 トク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
職 シキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
職 ソク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
職 つかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
職 つとめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
職 つかさどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
聹 デイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
聹 ニョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
聹 ネイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
聹 みみあか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
聹 かまびすし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
聽 テイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
聾 みみしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
聾 ろうする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
聿 ふでづくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肅 スク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肇 ジョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肇 トウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肉 ジュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肓 むなもと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肖 にる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肖 かたどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肛 はれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肢 てあし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肥 こやし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肥 ふとる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肪 ホウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肪 こえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肪 あぶら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肬 ユ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肭 ドツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肭 ナチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肭 ダツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肭 ジク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肭 トツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肭 こえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肯 カイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肯 うべなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肯 がえんじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肯 あえて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肯 がえんじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肱 かいな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肱 まるい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
育 そだち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
肺 はい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
肺 まごころ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胃 いぶくろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胃 いのふ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胄 かぶと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
胆 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
背 そむける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
胎 はらむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胖 ゆたか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胖 かたみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胚 はらみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
胛 かいがらほ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胛 かいがらぼね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
胝 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胝 テイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胝 たこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胝 まめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胝 あかぎれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
胞 えな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胡 ウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
胡 えびす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胤 つぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胤 よつぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胯 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
胴 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胴 どう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胸 むな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
胼 ベン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胼 あかぎれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
胼 たこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
能 ダイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
能 あたう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
能 よくする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
能 よく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
脂 やに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脂 べに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脅 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脅 キュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脅 おびゃかす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脅 おびやかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
脆 セツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
脇 わけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
脈 バク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脉 バク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脉 みゃく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脚 カク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
脩 ほじし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
脯 こじし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
脱 タイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脱 エツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脱 ぬける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脳 のうみそ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脳 のうずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
脹 はれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
脹 ふくらむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
脾 ハイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脾 ヘイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脾 ひぞう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脾 とまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
脾 もも is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
腎 かなめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
腐 くさす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
腐 くさらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
腐 くされ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
腐 くされる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
腓 こぶら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
腓 ふくらはぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
腔 うつろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
腔 からだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
腕 かいな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
腦 のう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
腦 のうみそ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
腦 あたま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
腦 のうずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
腫 くむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
腫 はらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
腫 はれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
腱 けん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
腸 わた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
腹 いだく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
腺 せん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膀 わきばら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膀 ふくれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膂 ロ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
膂 ちから is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膂 になう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膈 むねのうち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膈 つりぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膊 レツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膊 ハイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膊 あばく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膊 さかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膕 キャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膕 キョク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
膜 バク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膜 まく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膜 うすかわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膠 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
膠 にべ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
膤 セツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
膤 そり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
膤 ゆき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
膨 ホウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膰 ひもごり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
膳 かしわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
膸 スイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膸 あな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
膾 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
膿 うむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臉 まぶた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臑 ダウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臑 デイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臑 ドウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臓 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臙 べに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臚 かわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臚 つらねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臚 つたえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臟 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臠 みそなわす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臣 おみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臣 けらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臥 ふせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臧 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臧 あつい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臧 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
自 より is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
自 おのずと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臭 キュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臭 かぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臭 におう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
至 いたり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臺 よろこぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臺 つかさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臺 われ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臼 グ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臼 うすづく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臾 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臾 ヨ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
臾 くぼみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臾 すすめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
臾 あじか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舂 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舂 うすずく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舂 うすつく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舂 うすづく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
與 ともに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
興 おきる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舉 あがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舊 ひさしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舊 ひさしく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舊 もと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舌 セツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舎 セキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舐 ジ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舐 ねぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舖 フ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舖 みせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舗 しく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舗 みせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舘 たて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舛 シュン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舛 ブ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舛 まい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舜 ひるがお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舜 むくげ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舜 さとい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舞 ム is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舟 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舟 ふな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舟 ぶね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舩 ふな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
航 わたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舫 もやう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
般 バン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
般 ハツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
般 めぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舳 ジュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舳 チュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舳 とも is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舳 へ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
舶 おうぶね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舷 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
舷 ふなべり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
船 ふな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艇 ふね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
艘 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艘 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艚 ゾウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
艚 ふね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
艚 こぶね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
艢 ゾウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艢 ロ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艢 とも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艢 ほばしら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艦 いくさぶね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
艪 ろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
艪 やぐら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艫 へさき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
艮 ゴン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艮 ねづくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
良 やや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
良 いい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艱 なやみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艶 あでやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艶 つやめく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艶 なまめく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艷 あでやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艷 つやめく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艷 なまめく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艸 くさかんむり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艸 そうこう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艾 ガイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
艾 カイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
艾 おさめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
芍 くろくわい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芍 はすのみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芒 のげ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
芙 はす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芥 ごみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
芦 よし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
芫 さつまふじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芫 ふじもど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芭 はな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芯 ほそい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芯 とうしんぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
花 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
芳 かおり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芸 コン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芸 ゴン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芸 くさのこう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芸 くさぎる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芸 うえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
芸 のり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
芽 ゲ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
芽 めぐむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苅 カイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苅 かり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苑 ウツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苑 うつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苔 こけら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苗 かり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苗 なわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苙 おり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苙 よろいぐさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苛 ガ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苛 いじめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苛 さいなむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苡 くさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苣 ゴ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苣 たいまつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苣 ちさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
若 ニャ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
若 したがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
若 ごとし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
若 もし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
若 もしくわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
若 わか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苦 くるしめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苦 ぐるしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苦 にがる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苧 からんし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
英 はな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
英 ひいでる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苴 シャ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苴 あさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苹 ヘン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苹 ビョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苹 うきくさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苹 よもぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苹 あし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苹 ほ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
苻 ホ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苻 ブ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苻 さや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
苻 あまかわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茂 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
范 ホン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
范 はち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
范 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茄 なす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茅 ち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茅 ちがや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
茆 リュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茆 エン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
茆 めなわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茆 その is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
茆 ぬなわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
茉 マ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
茎 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茎 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
茖 やまにら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茗 ベイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茯 ヒ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
茯 ビ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
茱 ぐみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茲 ます is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茲 むしろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茲 ここに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
茶 タ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茶 ちゃ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茸 ニュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
茹 くう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
茹 うでる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
草 ぐさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
荊 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
荊 むち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
荏 え is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
荐 ゼン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
荒 あら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
荒 あらし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
荒 すさむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
荘 チャン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
荘 ほうき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
荷 になう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
荼 ド is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
荼 ズ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
荼 ダ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
莅 つく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
莅 るい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
莇 チョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
莇 ショ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
莇 くこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
莉 チ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
莉 ライ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
莊 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
莊 チャン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
莊 ほうき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
莖 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
莞 むしろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
莞 わらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
莟 はなしべ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
莠 シュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
莠 みにくい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
莪 きつねあざ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
莫 ナイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
莫 モ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
莫 ない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
莫 なし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
莵 ツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
菁 かぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菁 かぶらな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菁 はなやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菊 きくのはな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菌 きのこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菓 くだもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菓 かし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菖 しょうぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菘 とうな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菟 ズ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菠 ホ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
菠 からな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菠 ほうれんそう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
菩 ハイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菩 ほとけぐさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
華 はなやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菰 こも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
菴 いお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
菷 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菷 はらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
菻 きつねあざ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
萃 くさむら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
萄 ぶどう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
萋 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
萌 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
萌 きざし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
萍 ヒョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
萍 よもぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
萎 しおれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
萎 しなびる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
萎 しぼむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
萎 な is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
萠 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
萠 きざし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
萢 やじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
萢 やら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
萪 クワ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
萪 カ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
萬 バン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
萬 おおきい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
萱 かんぞう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
落 さと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
落 おち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
葆 もと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葆 ひこばえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葆 はねかざり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葆 しげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
葉 ショウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
著 ジャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
著 いちじるし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
著 つく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
著 いちじるしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
葛 つずら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葛 つづら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
葢 かこう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
葢 けだし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
葦 あし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葦 しおれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
葦 しなびる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
葦 しぼむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
葦 なえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
葫 にんにく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葫 ふくべ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葫 ひょうたん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葭 よし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
葯 アク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葯 テキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葯 よろいぐさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葯 まとう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葯 つつむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葵 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葷 グン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葷 なまぐさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
葺 あし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蒐 かり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蒐 あつまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蒜 にんにく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蒡 ビョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蒲 フ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蒲 ボ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蒲 かば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蒸 セイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蒸 おがら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蒸 むれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蒻 ダク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蒻 ニャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蒻 むしろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蒻 こまかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蒼 あお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓁 くさむら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓁 しげみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓁 おおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓄 キク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓄 たくわえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓉 オウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓋 かこう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蓋 けだし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蓙 ザ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蓙 ざ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓚 チョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓚 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蓚 しぶくさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓚 よろこぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓬 ブ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蓮 はちす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蓴 ジュン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蓼 シン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蔀 ダ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蔀 ダン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蔑 ない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蔑 くらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蔑 なみする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蔓 はびこる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蔔 だいこん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蔘 にんじん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蔚 おとこよもき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蔚 うち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蔚 おとこよもぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蔡 サツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蔡 あくた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蔡 おとろえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蔡 へらす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蔭 オン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蔵 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蔽 フツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蔽 ヘツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蕁 はなすげ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蕁 いらくさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蕁 もずく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蕃 しげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蕈 キン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蕈 たけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蕉 きあさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蕉 こげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蕎 ギョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蕎 そば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蕕 ユ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蕕 かりがねそ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蕕 くさみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蕗 ル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蕩 とろかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蕩 とろける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蕪 かぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蕷 いも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薀 オン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薀 たくわえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薄 せまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薄 うす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薄 うすまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薄 うすめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薄 うすら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薄 うすらぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薄 うすれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薇 ラ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薈 しげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薈 くさむら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薈 おおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薊 カイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薊 キ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薊 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薊 さく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薊 とげ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薐 ほうれんそう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薔 バ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薗 オン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薗 その is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薙 なぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薛 セチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薛 かわらよもぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薛 はますげ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薜 ヘキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薜 ハク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薜 とうき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薜 やまあさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薜 かたよる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薤 ケイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薤 にら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薦 シン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薦 くさよもぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薦 こも is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薨 こうじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薩 すくう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薪 まき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薫 かおりぐさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薫 かおり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薮 ス is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薯 ジョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薹 ダイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
薺 ととのえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
薺 ひと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
藉 しく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藉 かり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藉 かりる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
藐 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藐 ミャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藐 はるか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藐 すすむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藐 むらさき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藐 かろんじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
藐 とおい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
藜 ライ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藝 ウン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
藩 まがき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藹 アツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藹 おおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藹 まめまめしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
藾 おおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蘆 よし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蘊 オン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蘊 たくわえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蘊 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蘋 ビン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蘋 でんじそ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蘗 きはだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蘢 リョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蘢 おうけたで is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蘭 ラ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蘭 ふじばか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蘯 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蘯 あらう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蘯 うごく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蘯 とろかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
虍 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
虍 とらがしら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
虐 そこなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
處 こ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
虚 うつろ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
虜 ロ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
虜 とりく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
虞 おもんぱか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
虞 あざむく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
虞 あやまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
虞 おもんぱかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
虞 たのしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
虞 のぞむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
虞 はかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
號 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蚋 ゼツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚋 ネイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚋 ネチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚋 ぶと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚋 ぶゆ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚌 ビョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚌 どぶが is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蚌 どぶがい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚌 はまぐり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚓 ズ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚕 こ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚣 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蚩 わらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蚩 あなどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蚩 おろか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蚪 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蚪 ツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蚪 ト is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚯 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蚯 みみず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蚶 あかがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蛄 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蛄 けら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蛇 ヤ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蛉 リョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蛋 たまご is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蛍 エイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蛍 ギョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蛔 ユウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蛔 かいちゅう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蛙 かわず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蛛 くも is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蛞 なめくじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蛬 ころぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蛯 うば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蛻 もぬける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蛾 が is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蛾 ひむし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蜃 ジン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜃 おおはまぐり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜆 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜍 ジョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜍 ヨ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜚 とぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜜 みつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜜 はちみつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜥 シャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蜥 とかげ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蜴 ヤク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜴 セキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜴 とかげ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜻 とんぼ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蜿 みみず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蝓 でんでんむし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蝓 かたつむり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蝗 ばった is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蝙 こうもり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蝠 まむし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蝣 リュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蝣 ユ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蝦 ゲ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蝪 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蝪 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蝪 エキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蝶 ちょうちょう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蝸 ラ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蝿 はい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
融 とおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
融 とかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
螟 ベイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
螺 にし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
螻 ル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蟀 シュチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟀 こおろぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟄 ちっする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蟆 バク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟆 がま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟆 ぶと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟆 ひき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蟇 マ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蟇 ぶと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟐 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟐 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟐 かまきり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟐 もみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蟠 ボン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟠 バン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟠 つもる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟠 あつまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蟠 わだかまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蟾 ひきがえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蠅 はい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蠍 ケツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蠕 ニュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蠕 ネン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蠕 はう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蠖 かくれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蠖 しりぞく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蠡 ラ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蠧 しみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蠱 そこなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蠱 まどわす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蠱 こびる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蠱 まじ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蠱 まじこる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蠶 こ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蠹 ツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蠹 しみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衂 ニク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衂 はなじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衂 くじける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衂 はなぢ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
衄 はなじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衄 はなぢ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
行 いき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
行 ゆき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
術 みち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
術 わざ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衙 やくしょ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衛 まもる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衛 まもり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衡 はかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衡 はかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衣 きる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衣 きぬ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
衣 ぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
表 うわぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
表 あらわれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
衫 ころも is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衫 はだぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衰 サ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衷 うち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衷 まごころ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衽 えり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衽 も is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
衽 こくび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
衽 しとね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
衿 コン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
袂 たまと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
袋 ダイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
袍 ボウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
袗 ひとえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
袗 へり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
袗 そろう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
袞 おうぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
袢 はだぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
被 きる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
被 かぶせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
被 かぶる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
袮 チ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
袮 デイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
袱 ふくさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
袴 ク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
袴 ずぼん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
袵 こくび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
袵 しとね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
袿 うちき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
裂 ぎれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
裔 すえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
裕 ユ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
裕 ゆたか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
裘 グ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
裘 けごろも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
裙 もすり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
裙 もすそ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
裝 よそおい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
裨 ビ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
裨 ます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
裹 ホウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
裹 つつみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
裹 たから is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
製 たつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
製 つくる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
裾 コ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
褂 ケイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
褂 うわぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
褂 うちき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
複 かさねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
複 ふたたび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
褐 カチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
褐 ぬのこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
褐 かち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
褓 おしめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
褓 おむつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
褓 むつき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
褝 ゼン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
褸 ロ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
褸 ぼろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
褸 つずる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
褸 いと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
襄 のぼる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襄 あげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襄 たかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襄 はらう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
襌 ゼン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
襍 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襍 まじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
襠 ふんどし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
襦 したぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
襪 たび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襪 くつした is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襭 はさむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
襲 ジュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襲 つぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襴 リン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
襴 ひとえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襾 アカ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襾 エケ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襾 ア is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
襾 おおう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
襾 け is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
襾 にし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
西 ス is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
要 もとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覃 うまい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覃 のびる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覃 ながい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覆 フウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覆 おおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覆 くつがえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
覈 ギャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覈 ケツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
覈 きびしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覈 さね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覊 ハ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
覊 たずな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覊 たづな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
覊 たび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
見 まみえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
見 みせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
規 ぶんまわし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
規 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
規 ただす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覓 エキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
覓 ミャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
覗 のぞき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覘 のぞく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
覚 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覚 さめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
覡 かんなぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
覦 のぞむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覦 こいねがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
親 みずから is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
親 したしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
覬 のぞむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覺 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
覺 さめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
觀 しめす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
角 ロク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
角 コク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
角 すみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
觜 はし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
觝 いたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
解 とかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
解 ほどく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
解 ほどける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
解 わかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
触 ソク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
触 ふれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
触 さわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
觧 さとる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
觧 とかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
觧 とける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
觧 ほどく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
觧 ほどける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
觧 わかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
觸 ソク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
言 ギン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
言 ことば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訂 チョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訂 はかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
計 カイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
計 かぞえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
計 はかりごと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
計 はからう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
訊 きく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
訊 たずねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
訌 もめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訌 みだれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訌 やぶれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
討 たずねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訓 おしえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訓 くんずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
訖 おえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
訖 ついに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
託 よる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
託 かこつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
記 しるし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訛 ガ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訟 ジュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訟 あらそう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訟 うったえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訟 うったえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訣 ケイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訥 ドツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
設 セチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
設 しつらえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
設 もし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
許 コ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
許 ばかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訳 エキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訳 とく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訴 うったえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
訶 せめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
註 チュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
註 とく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
註 ときあかし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
註 しるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
証 セイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詆 タイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詆 しかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詑 ダ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詑 うぬぼれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詑 あさはか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詑 わび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詑 わびる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詒 イ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詔 つげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
評 ヘイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
評 はかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
評 あげつらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詞 ジ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詠 ながめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詢 とう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詢 まこと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詣 けいする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詣 まいる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詩 からうた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詩 うた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詫 わびしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詬 はずかしめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詬 ののしる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詬 はずかしめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詮 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詮 あきらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詮 かい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詮 せんずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詰 キチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詰 なじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詰 つむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詰 つめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
詰 づめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
話 カイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
該 カイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
該 かねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
該 その is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詳 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詼 ケ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詼 たわむれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詼 おどける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詼 あざける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
詼 たわむれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
誂 あつらえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誄 しのびご is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誄 しのびごと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
誅 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誅 ほろぼす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誅 せめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
誅 ちゅうする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
誇 カ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誇 ほこり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誌 しるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
認 みとめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誑 たばかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
誓 ゼイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誓 ちかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誕 いつわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
語 ギョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
語 ことば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
語 つげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
語 かたらう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
誠 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誠 まことに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誣 ブ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誣 あざむく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
誤 あやまり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誥 コク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誥 つげる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誥 おしえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誥 いましめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誥 つぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
誦 ズ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
説 エツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
説 よろこぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誰 た is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
誰 たれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
課 こころみる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
誹 ハイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
誹 そしり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
調 やわらぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
調 しらべ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
調 ととのえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
諂 へつらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諄 ジュン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諄 くどい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
諄 ひちくどい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
談 タン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
談 かたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
請 こい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諌 いさめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
諍 いさかう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
諏 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諏 そう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
諒 あきらかにす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諒 まこと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諒 あきらか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
論 リン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
論 とく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
論 さだめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諛 へつらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
諜 ちょうずる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
諞 へつらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諠 かまびすし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諠 かまびすしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
諡 エキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
諢 ゴン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諢 たわむれ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諢 じょうだん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諢 おどけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諤 いいあらそう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諤 かきならす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諤 あご is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
諫 いさめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諮 とう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諸 これ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
諾 うべなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
謀 たばかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
謁 まみえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
謂 いわゆる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
謄 うつす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
謎 ベイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
謐 ビツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
謚 エキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
講 こう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
講 はかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
講 はなしあう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
謝 ジャ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
謝 わび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
謝 ことわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
謠 うたい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
謠 うた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
謦 せきばらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
謫 とがめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
譁 ガ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
譁 かまびすし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
譁 かわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
譁 かまびすしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
譌 ガ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
譌 なまり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
譎 いつわり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
識 ショク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
識 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
識 しるし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
譚 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
譜 ホ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
譜 しるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
警 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
警 いましめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
譫 タン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
譫 うるさくしゃべる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
譫 うわごと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
譯 エキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
議 はかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
譱 いい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
譱 よく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
譲 せめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
護 コ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
譽 ほめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
讃 たたえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
變 かえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
讌 くつろぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
讌 さかもり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
讌 うたげ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
讎 むくいる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
讎 かたき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
讐 あたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
讒 いつわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
讒 よこしま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
讖 しるし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
讖 おみくじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
讙 かまびすし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
讙 かまびすしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
讚 ほめことば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
讚 たたえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
谷 ヨク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
谺 コ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
谿 カイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
谿 たに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
豆 たかつき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
豊 フウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
豊 ブ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
豎 たつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
豎 こびと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
豎 こども is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
豎 たて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
豎 たてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
豐 フウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
豐 ブ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
豐 とよ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
象 かた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
象 のり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
豪 コウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
豪 やまあらし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
豪 えらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
豫 ショ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
豸 とける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
豸 ゆるめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
豸 むじなへん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
豹 ひょう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貂 いたち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貊 バク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貍 ライ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
貘 ばく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貝 ハイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貞 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貞 ただしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貞 さだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
負 ブ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
負 たのむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
負 まかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
財 ゾク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
財 わずか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貢 みつぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
販 あきなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貪 タン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
貫 ワン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貫 ひく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貫 ぬき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
貫 ぬく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
責 サイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
責 せめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貭 もちまえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貭 すなお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貭 ただす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
貭 たち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
貭 わりふ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
貮 そえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
貯 ためる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
貰 もらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貳 そえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
貴 たっとぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
貶 けなす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
貸 トク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貸 かし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
費 フツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
費 ついえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貿 モ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貿 かえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
貿 あきなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賀 カ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賀 よろこぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賁 かざる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賁 かわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賁 まじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賂 まいない is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賃 ジン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賃 やとう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賄 カイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賄 まいなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賄 まかない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
資 もと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賈 カ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賈 かう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賊 そこなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賍 ゾウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賍 かくす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賎 いやし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賎 いやしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賎 いやしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賎 いやしめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賎 しず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賎 やすい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賑 にぎゃか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賑 にぎやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賑 にぎわす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賓 まろうど is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賓 したがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賜 たまもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賜 たもう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賠 ハイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賠 つぐなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賢 まさる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賣 マイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賣 うれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賤 いやしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賤 やすい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賦 ブ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賦 みつぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
質 チ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
質 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
質 とる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
質 ただす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
質 たち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
質 わりふ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賺 レン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
賻 たすける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賻 おくる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
購 あがなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
賽 むくいまつる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
贅 ゼイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
贍 ゼン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
贍 たりる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
贐 ジン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
贓 ゾウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
贓 かくす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
贔 いかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
赤 あからむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
赤 あからめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
赦 ゆるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
赧 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
赫 あか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
赭 あか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
走 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
赱 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
赳 はたらき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
起 おこす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
越 オチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
越 カツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
越 オツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
越 ごえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
越 ごし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
趙 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
趙 ジョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
趙 およぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
趙 こえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
趙 すばしこい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
趣 ソク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
趣 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
趣 うながす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
趨 シュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
趨 しゅ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
足 ショク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
足 スウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
足 たる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
趺 シ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
趾 あし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
趾 もと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
趾 はやい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
跂 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
跂 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
跂 つまだつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
跚 よろめく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
跛 びっこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
距 けずめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
距 たがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
距 へだてる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
距 けづめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
距 へだたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
跡 シャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
跪 ひざまず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
跪 ひざまずく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
跫 あしおと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
路 ル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
跳 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
跳 おどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
跳 とび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
跼 ひざまず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
跼 かがむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
跼 くぐまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
跼 こごむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
跼 せぐくまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
跿 ズ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
踈 とおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
踈 うとし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
踈 あらし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
踈 うとい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
踈 うとむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
踈 まばら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
踉 おどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
踊 おどり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
踏 ふまえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
踵 かかと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
踵 きびす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蹄 ひずめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蹄 ひづめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蹇 いざる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蹈 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蹊 こみち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蹊 みち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蹐 ぬきあし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蹐 さしあし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
蹠 あしうら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
蹣 バン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
躄 いざる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
躅 ふむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
躅 あと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
躊 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
躊 ジュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
躊 チュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
躍 テキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
躑 しゃがむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
躙 にじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
躪 にじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
身 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
身 みずから is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
躬 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
躯 むくろ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
躰 かたち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
軅 たか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
軆 かたち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
車 キョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
軋 きしむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
軌 わだち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
軌 みち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
軍 クン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
軍 つわもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
軟 ゼン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
軟 ネン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
転 めぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
転 うたた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
転 うつる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
転 くるめく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
転 ころがす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
転 ころげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
転 まろぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
軣 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
軣 とどろかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
軫 ことじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
軸 しんぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
軸 まきもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輅 ラク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輅 カク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輅 みくるま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輅 むかえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輅 くるま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
載 しるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輊 ひくい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輊 おもい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輌 ならぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輌 くるま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輓 おそい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
輔 ブ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輔 たすけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輔 すけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輕 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輕 かろんじる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
輛 ならぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輛 くるま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輜 こにだ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
輜 にぐるま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
輝 クン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輝 かがやき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輩 ばら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
輩 やかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
輩 やから is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
輸 おくる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輸 いたす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輹 ブク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輾 デン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
輿 かご is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轆 ながえしは is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
轆 ころ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轉 うたた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轉 うつる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轉 ころがす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轉 ころげる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轉 まろぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轍 わだちい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轎 やまかご is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
轗 コン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轜 ひつぎぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
轜 じしゃ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轜 ひつぎぐるま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轟 とどろき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
轟 とどろかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轡 たずな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
轡 たづな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轢 ひく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
轣 きしる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
轤 くるまぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
轤 ろくろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辛 づらい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
辞 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辞 ことば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辞 ことわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辞 いなむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
辟 ビ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辣 きびしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辣 むごい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辧 ヘン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
辧 かんむり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辧 あらそう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
辧 はなびら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
辨 あらそう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
辨 はなびら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
辭 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辯 はなびら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
辯 わきまえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
辰 ジン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
辱 ニク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辱 はずかしめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辱 かたじけな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辱 はずかしめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
農 ドウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
農 くさぎる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
農 たがやす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
辷 すべらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
込 こめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
迂 さける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迂 とおい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迂 とおみち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迅 シン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迅 シュン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迅 はやい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
返 ハン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
返 ホン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迚 とて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迢 チョ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
迢 はるか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迦 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
迦 くらべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迦 であう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迪 いたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
迪 すすむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
迪 みちびく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
迫 ヒャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迭 イツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迭 かわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迭 かたみに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迯 にがす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
迯 のがれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
迴 めぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迷 まどう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迷 まよい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迸 ヘイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
迺 アイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
迺 なんじ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
追 タイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
退 トン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
退 どく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
退 のく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
退 のける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
退 ひく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
送 おくり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逃 にがす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逅 まみえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逆 むかえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逆 あらかじめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逆 さか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逆 さかさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逍 さまよう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逍 たちもとおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
透 とおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
透 すける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
透 とうす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
透 とうる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逐 ジク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逐 おう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逑 グ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逑 あつめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逑 あう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逑 たぐい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逑 つれあい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
途 ズ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逕 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逕 ちかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逕 すぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逕 さしわたし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逕 ただちに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逕 みち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
這 この is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
通 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
通 とおし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
通 とおす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
通 どおし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
通 どおり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逝 セツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逝 いく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逞 とおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逞 はやい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
速 はや is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
速 はやめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
造 いたる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
造 なる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
造 つくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
造 づくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逢 ブ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逢 むかう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逢 あい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逢 むかえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
連 しきりに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
連 つらねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
連 づれ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逧 はざま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逧 せこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逮 テイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逮 およぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
週 めぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
進 ジン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逵 おうじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逵 おおじ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逸 イチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逸 はしる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逸 うしなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逸 そらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逸 はぐれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逹 ダチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逹 ダ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逹 とおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逹 とおす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逹 とがる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
逹 たち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逼 ヒキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逼 フク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
逼 むかばき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遂 ズイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遅 まつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遅 おくらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遇 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遇 もてなす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遇 たまたま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遊 あそび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遊 すさび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遊 あそばす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
運 めぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
運 めぐらす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遍 あまねし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遍 あまねく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
過 とが is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
過 あやまち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
過 すごす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
過 よぎる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遏 とめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遑 カン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
道 みちびく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
達 ダチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
達 ダ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
達 とおる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
達 とどく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
達 たち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
違 よこしま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
違 たがえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
違 ちがい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
違 ちがえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遘 まみえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遠 とおざかる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遠 おち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遡 サク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遣 つかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遣 づかい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
適 セキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
適 ゆく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
適 まさに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遭 あわせる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遯 ドン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遲 おくらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遵 シュン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遵 したがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遷 みやこがえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
選 サン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
選 える is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
選 よる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遺 わすれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遺 すてる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遼 はるか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遽 あわただし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
遽 あわただしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
遽 あわてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
避 よける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
邁 すぎる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邁 つとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
還 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
還 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
還 また is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
還 めぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邇 ちかし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邇 ちか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邉 ほとり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
邊 ほとり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
邑 オウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邑 くに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邑 うれえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
那 いかん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
邨 むらざと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邪 ヤ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邪 シャ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邪 や is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邪 か is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邵 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
邸 タイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
郁 あきらか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
郁 かぐわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
郁 さかん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
郊 まつる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
郊 いなか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
郎 リョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
郡 クン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
郤 あおぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
郤 ひま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
部 ホ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
部 ホウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
部 わける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
部 すべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
部 つかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
部 べ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
郵 しゅくば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
郷 ふるさと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
郷 さきに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
都 チョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
都 すべて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鄂 かぎり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鄂 おどろく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鄒 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鄙 ひなびる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鄭 かさねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鄲 タ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酉 みのる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酋 ジュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
酋 さけのつかさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
酋 ふるざけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
配 ならぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
配 ならべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酎 チュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
酒 さか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
酔 よ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
酘 ズ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酣 ガン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酣 コン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酥 ちちざけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酩 ベイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酪 ちちざけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酬 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
酬 トウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
酬 むくい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酲 わるよい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酲 あきる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酲 さめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酳 シン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
酳 すすぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酳 すする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酵 もと is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酷 カク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酷 きびしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酷 はなはだし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酷 むごい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酷 ひどい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
酸 す is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
酸 つらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
醂 たるがき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
醇 あつい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
醇 こい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
醉 よい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
醜 にくむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
醜 たぐい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
醜 しこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
醢 ししびしお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
醢 ひしお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
醪 にごりざ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
醪 にごりざけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
醪 もろみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
醫 いする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
醯 す is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
醵 さかもり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
醵 あつめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釆 バン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釆 ヘン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釆 サイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釆 ベン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釆 わかつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釆 わかれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釆 ひずめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釆 いろどり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釆 とる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釆 のごめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
采 いろどり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釈 エキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釈 セキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釋 エキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
重 おも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
重 おもなう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
重 おもり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
重 かさなる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釐 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釐 ライ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釐 さいわい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釐 りん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
金 ゴン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
金 かな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
金 がね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釖 かたな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釖 そり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釛 ゴク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釛 こがね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釟 ヘチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釟 ハチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釟 きたえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釵 かざし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
釶 ほこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釿 ギン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釿 たつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釿 きる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
釿 まさかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈍 トン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈍 なまくら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鈍 なまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鈍 にぶ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鈎 かける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈑 バン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鈑 いたがね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈔 ビョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈔 はさみとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈔 かすめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈔 うつす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈬 すず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈴 リョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈷 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈷 ゴ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鈷 たつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鉈 タ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鉋 ビョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鉐 ソク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鉗 つぐむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鉚 リュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鉚 ル is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鉚 リュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鉢 はち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鉤 かける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鉤 はり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鉤 ばり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鉾 きつさき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銀 ゴン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銃 シュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銅 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銑 ずく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銓 はかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銖 ジュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銖 にぶい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銘 ミョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銘 しるす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銚 すき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銚 ほこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銛 テン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
銜 ガン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銜 ふくむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
銜 くわえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
銷 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
銷 かわす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
銷 とろかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
銹 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鋏 つか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鋏 はさむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鋒 ほこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鋒 きっさき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鋒 とかり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鋤 ショ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鋩 モウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鋩 きつさき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鋩 きっさき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鋩 へさき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鋭 タイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鋭 はやい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鋳 イ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鋳 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鋳 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鋸 のこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
錏 しろこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
錘 ツイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
錙 わずか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
錙 さかん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
錚 どら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
錠 テイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
錠 じょうまえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
錢 せん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
錢 すき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
錨 ミョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
錫 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
錫 たまう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
錯 ソ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
錯 シャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
錯 まじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
錯 たがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
錯 おく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
録 リョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
録 とる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
錵 カ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鍄 ケイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鍄 キョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鍄 リョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鍖 だい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鍖 まくらぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鍜 ゲ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鍜 きたえる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鍠 まさかり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鍾 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鍾 かね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鎌 ケン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鎔 とかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鎧 よろう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鎭 テン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鎭 おさえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鎭 しずまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鎮 テン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鏈 テン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鏑 かぶら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鏗 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鏗 うつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鏥 さび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鐃 ニョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鐇 ボン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鐇 ちょうな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鐇 つち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鐐 しろがね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鐓 いしずき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鐓 つち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鐓 いしづき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鐔 ジン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鐔 タン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鐚 ワ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鐡 テチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鐡 くろ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鐫 ほる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鐵 テチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鐶 たまき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鐸 すず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鐺 ト is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鐺 くさり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鑄 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鑄 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鑚 きり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鑞 すず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鑠 とろかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鑵 つるべ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鑵 かん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鑵 かま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鑷 セツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鑷 ニョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鑷 くぎぬき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鑽 きり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鑿 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
钁 キャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
钁 くわ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
長 たける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
門 ボン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
門 と is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閃 うかがう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閃 ひらめき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閇 むすび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閇 しまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閇 しめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閇 たてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閉 ヘツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閉 しまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閉 たてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
開 あける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
開 ひらき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
開 ひらける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
開 びらき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閑 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閑 しきり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閑 しずか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閑 ならう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
間 しずか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
間 あい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閠 ギョク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閠 ケイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閠 ジュン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閠 たま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閠 うるう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
関 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
関 ワン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
関 からくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
関 ぜき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閣 かんぬき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閣 たな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閣 たかどの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閥 ハツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閥 いえがら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閥 いさお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閧 とき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閭 むら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閭 まち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閭 さと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閲 へる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閹 アン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閹 しもべ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閹 めしつかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閹 こびへつら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閹 おおう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閻 セン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閻 ちまた is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閻 ひらく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閻 すすめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
閼 アツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閾 シキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
閾 くぎり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
闃 キャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
闃 ケキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
闃 ひっそり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
闇 とじる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
闌 さえぎる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
闌 たける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
闍 うてな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
闘 たたかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
闘 あらそう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
關 ワン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
關 かかわる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
關 からくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
關 かんぬき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
闡 ひらく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
闡 みちる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
闥 タチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
闥 ついじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
闥 やくしょ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
阜 フウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
阜 おか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
阡 あぜ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
阡 みち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
阡 はかみち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
阨 せまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
防 ホウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
防 つつみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
阻 ショ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
阻 けわしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
阻 へだてる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
阿 オ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
阿 お is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陀 イ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
陀 ジ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
陀 チ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
陀 ななめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
附 ホウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
附 つける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
陌 バク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
降 ゴ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
降 たぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
降 おろす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
降 くだす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
降 くだる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
降 ふり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
陏 タ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陏 ズイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陏 おちる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陏 なまける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陏 ずい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
限 カン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陛 きざはし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陜 ギョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陟 すすむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
院 いん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陣 チン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陣 じんだて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陣 いくさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
除 はらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
除 よけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
陥 ケン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陦 チョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
陦 しま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
陪 ハイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陪 したがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陬 ソウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陰 オン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陰 アン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陰 くらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陳 ジン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陳 つらねる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陳 のべる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陳 ふるい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陳 ひねる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
陵 しのぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陵 おか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陶 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
陽 いつわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隅 グ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隆 なかだか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隆 たかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隈 すみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隊 ツイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隊 くみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隋 スイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隋 おちる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隋 なまける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
階 はしご is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
階 しな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
随 スイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
随 まにまに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隔 へだたり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隕 ウン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隗 ガイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隗 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隗 たかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隙 すかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隙 すく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
際 まじわる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
際 あい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
際 ぎわ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
障 へだて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
障 ふせぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隠 かかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隠 かくし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隧 タイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隧 めぐる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隧 のろしだい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隨 スイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隨 まにまに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隱 かくす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隱 よる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隴 うね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隶 ダイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隶 イ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隶 およぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隶 れいづくり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隸 イ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
隹 ふるとり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
隻 ひとつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雀 シャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雀 ジャン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雁 かりがね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雄 おん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雅 ア is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雅 みやびやか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雅 つね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雅 みやび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
集 ジュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雇 やとい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雌 めん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雎 みさご is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雕 ほる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雖 これ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雙 たぐい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雛 ジュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雛 ス is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雛 ひよこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
離 つく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
難 がたい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
難 にくい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
難 むつかしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
難 むづかしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雨 さめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雪 すすぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雫 ダン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雰 きり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雲 ぐも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
零 おちる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
零 ふる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
零 こぼす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
零 ぜろ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雷 ルイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雷 いかづち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雹 ホク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
雹 ヒョク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
雹 ボク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
電 テン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
電 いなずま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
需 ぬれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
需 まつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
需 もとめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
霆 いかずち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
霆 いかづち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
霈 ひさめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
霎 こさめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
霑 うるおい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
霖 ながめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
霧 ボウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
露 ロウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
露 あらわれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
霸 ヒャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
霸 かしら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
霹 はためく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
霽 はらす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
霾 つちぐもり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
靂 リャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
靉 イ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靖 やすい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
靖 やす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
静 しず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靜 しず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靜 しずまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靜 しずめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
非 それる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
靠 もたれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靡 わける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
革 キョク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
革 あらたまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
革 あらためる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
靫 サツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靫 ジン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靫 ニン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靫 うつお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靫 しなやか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靭 サ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靭 サイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靭 サツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靭 ニン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靱 サ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靱 サイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靱 サツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靱 ニン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靱 うつお is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靱 うつぼ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靱 ゆぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靼 タチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
靼 なめす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鞁 ビ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鞁 ひきずな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鞁 たずな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鞁 はらおび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鞄 ビョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鞅 はらおび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鞅 うらむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鞋 くつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鞠 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鞠 キュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鞣 ニュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鞣 なめす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鞦 ふらんに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鞨 ゼチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鞫 きわめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鞫 きわまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鞴 うつぼ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
韃 むちうつ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
韆 とる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
韈 マチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
韈 モチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
韈 たび is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
韈 くつした is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
韈 しとうず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
韓 から is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
韜 つつむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
韜 ゆみぶくろ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
韮 キョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
韮 キュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
韲 あえもの is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
韲 あえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
音 ノン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
韵 ウン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
韶 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
韶 つぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
韻 ウン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
韻 ひびき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
響 ひびき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頁 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頁 ケチ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頁 おおがい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
頂 テイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頃 キ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頃 ごろ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
項 ゴウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
順 シュン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
順 すなお is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
順 したがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
須 すべからく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
須 すべし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
須 まつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
預 あらかじめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頑 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頑 かたくな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頑 かたく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
頒 フン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頒 わける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頒 しく is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頒 わかつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
頓 とんと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
頓 にわかに is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
領 レイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
領 うなじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
領 おさめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頡 ケチ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
頡 おおきい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頡 かすめとる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頤 あご is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
頬 ほほ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
頭 こうべ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頭 かぶり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
頭 がしら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
頴 のぎ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
頻 ビン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頼 たより is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頼 たのもしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
頽 タ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頽 くずす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
頽 おとがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
題 ひたい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
額 ギャク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
額 たか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
顎 あぎと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
顏 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
顔 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
顕 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
願 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
類 ライ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
顯 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
顯 あらわれる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
顰 ビン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
顱 あたま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
顳 ジョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
顴 しろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
風 かざ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
颯 ひしぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
颯 はやて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
颯 みだれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
颯 さっと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
颶 つむじかせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
颶 はやて is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飃 つむじかせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飃 つむじかぜ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
飃 ひるがえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
飄 つむじかせ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飄 つむじかぜ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
飄 ひるがえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
飜 ひるがえす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
食 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
食 はむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
飩 チュン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飩 むしもち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飫 ヨウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
飫 たまう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飭 かためる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飭 つつしむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飭 ただしい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飭 いましめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
飭 ただす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
飯 ボン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飲 のみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
飴 やしなう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
飼 ジ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飼 やしなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
飽 あかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
飽 あく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餃 ギョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餃 あめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餅 もちい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餉 かれい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餉 け is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餉 べんとう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
養 リョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
養 やしない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餌 ニ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餌 えば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餐 たべもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餐 くう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餐 くらう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餐 のむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餒 イ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餘 あます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餘 あまり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餝 チョク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餝 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餝 シキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餞 ゼン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餠 くらう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餠 もちい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餡 あん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餡 あんこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餤 すすむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餤 くう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餮 テン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餮 デン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
餮 むさぼる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
餾 むす is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
饅 バン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
饋 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
饌 ゼン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
饌 サン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
饐 エイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
饗 あえ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
首 シュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
首 こうべ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
首 しるし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
馗 ほおぼね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
馗 みち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
馗 かくれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
馘 キョク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
香 かおる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
馥 クク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
馥 かおり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
馬 メ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
馬 マ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
馬 ま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
馭 ゴ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
馭 つかう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
馭 のりもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
馮 フ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
馴 ジュン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
駁 ぶち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
駄 タイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駄 ダイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駄 のせる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駅 うまや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駐 チュ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駐 とどまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駐 とどめる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駑 のろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駕 カ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
駕 かご is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
駕 がする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
駘 ぬぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駘 にぶい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駘 おろか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駢 ベン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駭 おどろかす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
駮 ぶち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
駲 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
駲 ジュン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
駲 しゅう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駻 あらうま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駻 あばれうま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駻 くら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駿 スン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
駿 おおきい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
駿 ながい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
騎 のる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
騏 くろみどり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
験 ためし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
騙 だます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
騨 タ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
騨 テン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
騨 まだらうま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
騫 かける is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
騫 そこなう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
騫 あやまる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
騷 うれい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
騷 さわがしい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
騾 らば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驀 バ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驀 のる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驀 たちまち is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驀 まっしぐら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驃 しらかげ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驃 つよい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驃 いさむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驅 キュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驍 つよい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
驗 ためし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
驚 ケイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驛 うまや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驪 くろこま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驪 くろうま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驪 くろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驫 ヒュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驫 シュウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驫 ヒョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
驫 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
骭 すね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
骭 わき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
骰 さいころ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
骼 ほね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
骼 されぼね is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
髄 スイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
髏 ロウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
髏 ル is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
髏 ロ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
髓 スイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
髓 ずい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
體 かたち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
高 たかさ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
高 たか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
高 たかめる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
高 だか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
髞 ゾウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
髞 いそぐ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
髟 かみかんむり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
髟 かみがしら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
髢 セキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
髣 さながら is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
髣 ほのか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
髫 うなる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
髭 くちひげ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
髴 ヒ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
髴 さもにたり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
髻 たぶさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鬆 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鬆 す is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鬢 びん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鬥 トウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鬥 ツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鬥 カク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鬥 たたかう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鬥 あらそう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鬥 たたかいがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鬥 とうがまえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鬨 グ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鬩 カク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鬪 あらそう is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鬯 のびる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鬯 かおりぐさ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鬱 うっする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鬱 ふさぐ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鬲 へだてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鬻 かい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
魂 ゴン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魂 たま is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
魃 ひでり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魄 バク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魄 タク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
魅 ビ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魅 もののけ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魅 ばけもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魅 すだま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魎 すたま is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魔 バ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魔 まもの is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魘 おそわれる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魘 おそう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魚 すなどる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魚 ざかな is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
魴 かがみだ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
魴 かがみたい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
魴 かがみだい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鮎 デン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鮑 ホ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鮒 ホ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鮖 かじこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鮠 カイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鮠 ゲ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鮠 はえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鮨 ケイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鮪 キ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鮭 さかな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鮭 しゃけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鮮 すくない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鮴 こち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鮴 まて is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鯆 さば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鯔 とど is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鯖 ショウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鯡 はららご is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鯤 はらご is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鯤 ぎぎ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鯱 しゃちほこ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鰉 ちょうざめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鰌 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鰍 シュ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鰔 コン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鰔 ゲン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鰡 ル is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鰡 ぼら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鰤 ソウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鰤 かます is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鰤 はまち is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鰥 やむ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鰥 やもめ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鰭 ギ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鰰 いな is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鰾 ふえ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鱒 テン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鱒 ザン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鱒 セン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鱗 こけ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鱗 こけら is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鱠 ケ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鱠 えそ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鱶 ヨウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鳫 かりがね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鳳 おおとり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鴃 ケキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鴈 あひる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鴈 かりがね is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鴒 リョウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鴛 おし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鴛 おしどり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鴣 ク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鴣 しゃこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鴦 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鴦 おしどり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鴨 あひる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鴬 ヨウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鴻 ゴウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鴻 おおがり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鴿 どばと is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鵈 てん is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鵈 とび is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鵐 ふなしうず is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鵜 ダイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鵤 いかる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鵯 ひょ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鵯 ひよどり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鵺 コウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鶤 ウン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鶤 しゃも is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鶤 とうまる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鶩 ム is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鶫 ツ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鶫 トウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鶲 オウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鶲 ウ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷂 はしたか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷂 いろきじ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷂 はいたか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鷄 とり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鷆 デン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷏 デン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷙 ゴウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鷙 あらどり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷙 あらい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷦 さざき is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷦 みそさざい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷦 たくみどり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷭 バン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷭 バ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鷭 ばん is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鷺 リョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鷽 ガク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鸚 イン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鹹 ダイ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鹹 からい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鹹 せいしゅ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
麈 おうじか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
麈 おおじか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
麑 こじか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
麒 ギ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
麕 グン is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
麗 リ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
麗 つらなる is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
麗 ならぶ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
麗 うららか is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
麝 セキ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
麪 ベン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
麺 ベン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
麻 バ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
麻 マア is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
麼 ビ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
麼 ミ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
麼 モ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
麼 こまかい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
麼 かすか is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
麾 さしずば is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
麾 さしずばた is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
麿 ロ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
黄 こ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
黌 オウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
黌 まなべや is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
黏 ねばり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
黒 くろずむ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
默 ボク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
默 もだす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
黙 ボク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
點 さす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
點 たてる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
點 つく is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
點 つける is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
點 とぼす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
點 ともす is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
黠 わるがしこ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
黠 わるがしこい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
黯 くろい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
黴 ミ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
黹 ぬい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
黹 ぬいとり is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
黹 ふつ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
黽 ミン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
黽 メン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鼇 おおがめ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鼎 まさに is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鼓 つずみ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
鼓 つづみ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鼠 ねず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鼡 ソ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鼡 ねず is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
鼻 ヒ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
齊 ザイ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
齊 あたる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齊 はやい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齋 シ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
齋 とき is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齏 あえもの is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齏 あえる is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齒 よわい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齒 よわいする is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齔 ソン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齔 トン is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齔 おさない is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
齔 かけば is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齠 みそっぱ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
齡 とし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齢 とし is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齣 セツ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
齣 シャク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齣 セキ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齣 くぎり is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
齪 ショク is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
齪 シュウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齪 シュク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齪 セク is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齬 ギョ is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
齬 くいちがう is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
齬 くいちがい is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
齶 あご is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
齷 あくせくする is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
龍 リョウ is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
龕 ずし is in Unihan but not kanjidic.
龕 れい is in kanjidic but not Unihan.
